
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/blogs/BlogController.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/blogs/BlogController.java:23	Local variable 'mview' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/blogs/BlogMapper.java:11	Avoid excessively long variable names like postingMemberRoleId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/BlogService.java:16	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImpl.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImpl.java:38	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'blogList' (lines '38'-'44').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImpl.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like postingMemberRoleId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImpl.java:40	Local variable 'postingMemberRoleId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImpl.java:41	Local variable 'offset' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImpl.java:42	Local variable 'limit' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImpl.java:43	Local variable 'rowBounds' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:19	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.alerts.Alert'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:19	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.alerts.Alert'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:35	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:40	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:40	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:40	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:44	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:44	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:44	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:48	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:52	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:58	Local variable 'memberId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:59	Local variable 'memberPersonaId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:62	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:66	Local variable 'blogs' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/blogs/impl/BlogServiceImplTest.java:68	Local variable 'blogPost' could be declared final