
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/alerts/Alert.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/alerts/Alert.java:52	Parameter 'alertValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/alerts/Alert.java:78	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/alerts/Alert.java:78	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/alerts/Alert.java:104	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/alerts/Alert.java:130	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/alerts/Alert.java:156	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/alerts/Alert.java:274	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/announcements/Announcement.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumCourseId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/announcements/Announcement.java:26	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/announcements/Announcement.java:36	Parameter 'announcementId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/announcements/Announcement.java:48	Parameter 'announcementDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/announcements/Announcement.java:60	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/announcements/Announcement.java:72	Parameter 'messageVisibility' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/announcements/Announcement.java:84	Parameter 'validUntil' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/announcements/Announcement.java:132	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumCourseId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/announcements/Announcement.java:168	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AnswerSequence.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AnswerSequence.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AnswerSequence.java:20	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AnswerSequence.java:20	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AnswerSequence.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AnswerSequence.java:33	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Assignment.java:18	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Assignment.java:18	Parameter 'assignmentContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Assignment.java:18	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Assignment.java:23	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Assignment.java:23	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Assignment.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Assignment.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatorMemberPersona
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Assignment.java:45	Parameter 'assignmentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Assignment.java:57	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Assignment.java:69	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Assignment.java:117	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatorMemberPersona
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentContentType.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentContentType.java:23	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentContentType.java:23	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentContentType.java:23	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentContentType.java:36	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentContentType.java:36	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestLink.java:15	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestLink.java:15	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestLink.java:15	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestLink.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceAssignmentTest
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestLink.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkedAssignmentTest
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestLink.java:36	Parameter 'testLinkId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestLink.java:48	Parameter 'linkReason' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestLink.java:60	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestLink.java:72	Avoid excessively long variable names like sourceAssignmentTest
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestLink.java:72	Parameter 'sourceAssignmentTest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestLink.java:84	Avoid excessively long variable names like linkedAssignmentTest
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestLink.java:84	Parameter 'linkedAssignmentTest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestRubric.java:17	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestRubric.java:17	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestRubric.java:17	Parameter 'cellValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestRubric.java:18	Parameter 'rubric' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestRubric.java:18	Parameter 'test' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestRubric.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like assignmentTestRubricId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestRubric.java:43	Avoid excessively long variable names like assignmentTestRubricId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestRubric.java:43	Parameter 'assignmentTestRubricId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestSettings.java:12	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestSettings.java:12	Parameter 'property' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestSettings.java:13	Parameter 'propertyValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestSettings.java:13	Parameter 'propertyValueType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/AssignmentTestSettings.java:40	Parameter 'testSettingsId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/DifficultyLevel.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/DifficultyLevel.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/DifficultyLevel.java:16	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/DifficultyLevel.java:16	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/DifficultyLevel.java:29	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/DifficultyLevel.java:29	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/LinkReason.java:11	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/LinkReason.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/LinkReason.java:15	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/LinkReason.java:15	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/LinkReason.java:28	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/LinkReason.java:28	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/NextBestQuestion.java:10	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/NextBestQuestion.java:10	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/NextBestQuestion.java:10	Parameter 'testModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/NextBestQuestion.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextBestQuestionId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/NextBestQuestion.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like nextBestQuestionId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/NextBestQuestion.java:25	Parameter 'nextBestQuestionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/NextBestQuestion.java:31	Parameter 'testModel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/NextBestQuestion.java:37	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageTest.java:12	This class name ends with 'Test' but contains no test cases
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageTest.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageTest.java:29	Parameter 'packageTestId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageTest.java:41	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageTest.java:53	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageTest.java:65	Parameter 'assignment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageTest.java:77	Parameter 'testPackage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageUsageType.java:10	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageUsageType.java:13	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageUsageType.java:13	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageUsageType.java:13	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageUsageType.java:26	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PackageUsageType.java:26	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PenaltyFactor.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PenaltyFactor.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PenaltyFactor.java:16	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PenaltyFactor.java:16	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PenaltyFactor.java:29	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/PenaltyFactor.java:29	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/ProficiencyLevel.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/ProficiencyLevel.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/ProficiencyLevel.java:19	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/ProficiencyLevel.java:19	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/ProficiencyLevel.java:32	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/ProficiencyLevel.java:32	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionApplicableType.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionApplicableType.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionApplicableType.java:19	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionApplicableType.java:19	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionApplicableType.java:32	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionApplicableType.java:32	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:1	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:14	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:17	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:17	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:17	Parameter 'difficultyLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:18	Parameter 'proficiencyLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:18	Parameter 'questionType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:19	Parameter 'instruction' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like questionApplicableType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like proficiencyLevelId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like additionalInfoPath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:43	Avoid excessively long variable names like multipleAnswerIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBank.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupWorkIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBankAnswer.java:15	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBankAnswer.java:15	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBankAnswer.java:15	Parameter 'answerContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBankAnswer.java:16	Parameter 'answerSequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBankAnswer.java:16	Parameter 'correctIndicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBankAnswer.java:17	Parameter 'questionBankId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBankAnswer.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like matchingQtnBankAnswer
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBankAnswer.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like questionBankAnswerId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBankAnswer.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like answerReflectionComment
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBankAnswer.java:34	Avoid excessively long variable names like answerKeywordWeight
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionBankAnswer.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like matchingQtnBankAnswer
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionTagcloud.java:14	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionTagcloud.java:14	Parameter 'tagType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionTagcloud.java:29	Parameter 'tagId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionTagcloud.java:41	Parameter 'questionBank' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionType.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionType.java:24	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionType.java:24	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionType.java:24	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionType.java:37	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionType.java:37	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionVisual.java:16	Parameter 'visualPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionVisual.java:16	Parameter 'visualType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionVisual.java:17	Parameter 'questionBank' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionVisual.java:17	Parameter 'visualSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/QuestionVisual.java:46	Parameter 'questionVisualId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Rubric.java:14	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Rubric.java:14	Parameter 'createdMember' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Rubric.java:14	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Rubric.java:14	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Rubric.java:37	Parameter 'rubricId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Rubric.java:51	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricCategory.java:9	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricCategory.java:9	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricCategory.java:9	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricCategory.java:30	Parameter 'rubricCategoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricCategory.java:42	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricLevel.java:13	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricLevel.java:13	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricLevel.java:13	Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricLevel.java:35	Parameter 'rubricLevelId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricLevel.java:48	Parameter 'level' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricMatrix.java:13	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricMatrix.java:13	Parameter 'cellDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricMatrix.java:13	Parameter 'cellName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricMatrix.java:14	Parameter 'rubricCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricMatrix.java:14	Parameter 'weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/RubricMatrix.java:15	Parameter 'rubric' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/SettingsProperty.java:13	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/SettingsProperty.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/SettingsProperty.java:17	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/SettingsProperty.java:17	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/SettingsProperty.java:30	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/SettingsProperty.java:30	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/SettingsPropertyValueType.java:13	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/SettingsPropertyValueType.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/SettingsPropertyValueType.java:16	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/SettingsPropertyValueType.java:16	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/SettingsPropertyValueType.java:29	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/SettingsPropertyValueType.java:29	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Status.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Status.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Status.java:19	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Status.java:19	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Status.java:32	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Status.java:32	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TagType.java:10	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TagType.java:14	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TagType.java:14	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TagType.java:14	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TagType.java:27	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TagType.java:27	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:12	This class name ends with 'Test' but contains no test cases
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:12	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:14	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:14	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:14	Parameter 'testContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:14	Parameter 'testType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:15	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like isMultipleAttemptsAllowed
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like isOpenforPeerEvaluation
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:35	Avoid excessively long variable names like isProctoringNeeded
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like assignmentTestSettings
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:51	Parameter 'testId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/Test.java:135	Avoid excessively long variable names like isMultipleAttemptsAllowed
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestModel.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestModel.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestModel.java:16	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestModel.java:16	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestModel.java:29	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestModel.java:29	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestPackage.java:16	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestPackage.java:16	Parameter 'packageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestPackage.java:16	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestPackage.java:17	Parameter 'competencyLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestPackage.java:17	Parameter 'proficiencyLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestPackage.java:44	Parameter 'testPackageId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:15	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:15	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:19	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:19	Parameter 'extraCreditPoints' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:19	Parameter 'pointsIfCorrect' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like isPenaltyIfIncorrect
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:20	Parameter 'isPenaltyIfIncorrect' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:20	Parameter 'penaltyMarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like questionContentMarkup
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:21	Parameter 'answerWithinTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:26	Overridable method 'setPenaltyMarks' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like isPenaltyIfIncorrect
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:43	Avoid excessively long variable names like questionContentMarkup
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestQuestion.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like isVideoAnswerAllowed
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestType.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestType.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestType.java:19	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestType.java:19	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestType.java:32	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/TestType.java:32	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualSource.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualSource.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualSource.java:16	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualSource.java:16	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualSource.java:29	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualSource.java:29	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualSpot.java:13	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualSpot.java:13	Parameter 'coordinates' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualSpot.java:13	Parameter 'size' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualSpot.java:14	Parameter 'questionLabelText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualSpot.java:14	Parameter 'questionVisual' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualSpot.java:39	Parameter 'visualSpotId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualType.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualType.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualType.java:16	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualType.java:16	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualType.java:29	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/VisualType.java:29	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Engagement.java:16	Parameter 'engagementMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Engagement.java:16	Parameter 'isHierarchy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Engagement.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like engagementCriteria
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Engagement.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Engagement.java:41	Parameter 'engagementId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Engagement.java:53	Parameter 'createDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Engagement.java:65	Parameter 'engagementMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Engagement.java:101	Avoid excessively long variable names like engagementCriteria
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Engagement.java:126	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementCriteria.java:10	Avoid excessively long variable names like performanceParameter
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementCriteria.java:10	Parameter 'performanceParameter' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementCriteria.java:11	Parameter 'operator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementCriteria.java:11	Parameter 'paramValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementCriteria.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like engagementCriteriaId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementCriteria.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like performanceParameter
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementCriteria.java:34	Avoid excessively long variable names like engagementCriteriaId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementCriteria.java:34	Parameter 'engagementCriteriaId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementCriteria.java:46	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementCriteria.java:58	Avoid excessively long variable names like performanceParameter
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementMode.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementMode.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementMode.java:20	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementMode.java:20	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementMode.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/EngagementMode.java:33	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Operator.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Operator.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Operator.java:20	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Operator.java:20	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Operator.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/Operator.java:33	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/PerformanceParameter.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/PerformanceParameter.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/PerformanceParameter.java:21	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/PerformanceParameter.java:21	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/PerformanceParameter.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/engagement/PerformanceParameter.java:34	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/CourseAssignment.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseAssignmentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/CourseAssignment.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/CourseAssignment.java:35	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseAssignmentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/CourseAssignment.java:35	Parameter 'courseAssignmentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/CourseAssignment.java:47	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/CourseAssignment.java:59	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/CourseAssignment.java:71	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/CourseAssignment.java:83	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/CourseAssignment.java:107	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/GradeVisibility.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/GradeVisibility.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/GradeVisibility.java:22	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/GradeVisibility.java:22	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/GradeVisibility.java:35	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/GradeVisibility.java:35	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/NextTest.java:15	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/NextTest.java:27	Parameter 'nextTestId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/NextTest.java:39	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/NextTest.java:51	Parameter 'previousTestGrade' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/NextTest.java:63	Parameter 'nextTest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/SecurityDataContentType.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/SecurityDataContentType.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/SecurityDataContentType.java:21	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/SecurityDataContentType.java:21	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/SecurityDataContentType.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/SecurityDataContentType.java:34	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/SecurityType.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/SecurityType.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/SecurityType.java:22	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/SecurityType.java:22	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/SecurityType.java:35	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/SecurityType.java:35	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentInfo.java:11	Avoid excessively long variable names like testSubmissionDate
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentInfo.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupParticipation
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentInfo.java:28	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentInfo.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like testSubmissionDate
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentInfo.java:40	Parameter 'testSubmissionDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentInfo.java:52	Parameter 'grade' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentInfo.java:64	Parameter 'timeSpentOnTest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentInfo.java:76	Avoid excessively long variable names like groupParticipation
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentInfo.java:76	Parameter 'groupParticipation' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentTest.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like isProctoringNeeded
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentTest.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like comparativePosition
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentTest.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like overAllComparativePosition
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentTest.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscribedCourseAssignment
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentTest.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTest
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentTest.java:36	Parameter 'testId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentTest.java:48	Parameter 'totalDuration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentTest.java:60	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentTest.java:72	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/StudentTest.java:84	Parameter 'isAsynchronous' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestGrade.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like isFacilitationNeeded
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestGrade.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like isFacilitationCompleted
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestGrade.java:19	Avoid excessively long variable names like isFacilitationUsed
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestGrade.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like evaluatingMemberRole
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestGrade.java:33	Parameter 'testGradeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestGrade.java:45	Parameter 'grade' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestGrade.java:57	Parameter 'visibility' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestGrade.java:69	Parameter 'isZeniGraded' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestGrade.java:81	Parameter 'isZeniGradedUsed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestGrade.java:93	Avoid excessively long variable names like isFacilitationNeeded
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestProgress.java:30	Parameter 'testProgressId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestProgress.java:42	Parameter 'progress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestProgress.java:54	Parameter 'test' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestProgress.java:66	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestProgress.java:78	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSecurity.java:11	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSecurity.java:15	Parameter 'securityType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSecurity.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like securityDataContentType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSecurity.java:16	Parameter 'dataLink' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSecurity.java:16	Parameter 'securityDataContentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSecurity.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like securityDataContentType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSecurity.java:37	Parameter 'securityId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSecurity.java:49	Parameter 'securityType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSecurity.java:62	Avoid excessively long variable names like securityDataContentType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmission.java:16	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmission.java:19	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmission.java:19	Parameter 'submittedResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmission.java:20	Parameter 'feedback' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmission.java:20	Parameter 'isCorrectness' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmission.java:20	Parameter 'isResponseType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmission.java:36	Avoid excessively long variable names like responseContentLink
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmission.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like evaluatingMemberRole
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmission.java:104	Avoid excessively long variable names like responseContentLink
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmission.java:200	Avoid excessively long variable names like evaluatingMemberRole
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmissionKeyword.java:11	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmissionKeyword.java:15	Parameter 'weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmissionKeyword.java:15	Parameter 'weightedKeyword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmissionKeyword.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like submissionKeywordId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmissionKeyword.java:35	Avoid excessively long variable names like submissionKeywordId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmissionKeyword.java:35	Parameter 'submissionKeywordId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmissionKeyword.java:47	Parameter 'weightedKeyword' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/assessment/member/TestSubmissionKeyword.java:59	Parameter 'weightage' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/classtalk/LearnerOnline.java:69	Parameter 'memberPersona' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/classtalk/LearnerOnline.java:165	Parameter 'learningProgram' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/classtalk/LearnerOnline.java:261	Parameter 'courseName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/classtalk/LearnerOnline.java:357	Parameter 'mood' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/classtalk/LearnerOnline.java:403	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/classtalk/LearnerOnline.java:403	Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Answer.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Answer.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Answer.java:21	Parameter 'answerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Answer.java:21	Parameter 'question' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/AuditHistory.java:41	Parameter 'createdBy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/AuditHistory.java:55	Parameter 'createdOn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/AuditHistory.java:69	Parameter 'modifiedBy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/AuditHistory.java:83	Parameter 'modifiedOn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/BaseDomain.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/BaseDomain.java:17	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/BaseDomain.java:17	Variables should start with a lowercase character
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/BaseDomain.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like iD
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/BaseDomain.java:34	Parameter 'iD' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/BaseDomain.java:48	Parameter 'memberPersona' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/BaseDomain.java:62	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:8	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:8	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:8	Private field 'id' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:9	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:9	Private field 'index' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:10	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:10	Private field 'text' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:21	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:21	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:21	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:28	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:28	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:28	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:85	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:97	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:98	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '98'-'99').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:110	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:111	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:112	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:113	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:114	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:115	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:116	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:118	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:119	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:120	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Choice.java:121	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Header.java:14	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Header.java:22	Parameter 'codeError' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Header.java:30	Parameter 'msgType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Header.java:38	Parameter 'controllerName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/MediaServerURL.java:15	Avoid excessively long variable names like flashRecordingScript
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/MediaServerURL.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like flashRecordingFolder
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/MediaServerURL.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like flashRecordingFolder
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/MediaServerURL.java:23	Parameter 'flashRecordingFolder' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/MediaServerURL.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like flashRecordingScript
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/MediaServerURL.java:33	Parameter 'flashRecordingScript' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/MediaServerURL.java:41	Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/MediaServerURL.java:48	Parameter 'uploadScript' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/MediaServerURL.java:56	Parameter 'uploadContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/NameValue.java:5	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/NameValue.java:6	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/NameValue.java:10	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/NameValue.java:16	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Question.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.id.IntegerZID'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Question.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.id.IntegerZID'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Question.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Question.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Question.java:33	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Question.java:42	Parameter 'choices' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Question.java:65	Parameter 'responseDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Question.java:69	Parameter 'questionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/Question.java:69	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/QuestionResponse.java:13	Parameter 'question' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/QuestionResponse.java:22	Parameter 'choice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/TagCloud.java:14	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/TagCloud.java:14	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/TagCloud.java:14	Parameter 'tagType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/TagCloud.java:19	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/TagCloud.java:19	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/TagCloud.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like zeniSuggestedIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/TagCloud.java:37	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/TagCloud.java:50	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'tagType'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/TagCloud.java:66	Avoid excessively long variable names like zeniSuggestedIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/TagCloud.java:66	Parameter 'zeniSuggestedIndicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/TagCloud.java:78	Parameter 'creatingMember' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/ZiksanaMessage.java:15	Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/common/ZiksanaMessage.java:23	Parameter 'header' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CertificateType.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CertificateType.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CertificateType.java:19	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CertificateType.java:19	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CertificateType.java:32	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CertificateType.java:32	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ComponentContentType.java:14	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ComponentContentType.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ComponentContentType.java:18	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ComponentContentType.java:18	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ComponentContentType.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ComponentContentType.java:31	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ComponentType.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ComponentType.java:26	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ComponentType.java:26	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ComponentType.java:26	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ComponentType.java:39	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ComponentType.java:39	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:9	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:11	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:13	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:15	Avoid excessively long variable names like numberOfThumbnails
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:15	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailPicturePath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:17	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like numberOfThumbnails
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:25	Parameter 'numberOfThumbnails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:39	Parameter 'contentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:47	Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:57	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailPicturePath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:57	Parameter 'thumbnailPicturePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Content.java:65	Parameter 'contentUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentDeleteType.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentDeleteType.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentDeleteType.java:20	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentDeleteType.java:20	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentDeleteType.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentDeleteType.java:33	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEmbed.java:17	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEmbed.java:17	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEmbed.java:17	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEmbed.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like embeddedContentPath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEmbed.java:18	Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEmbed.java:18	Parameter 'embeddedContentPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEmbed.java:19	Parameter 'embed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEmbed.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like embeddedContentPath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEmbed.java:35	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEmbed.java:93	Avoid excessively long variable names like embeddedContentPath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:9	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentEnrichmentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:21	Parameter 'contentEnrichmentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:25	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:25	Parameter 'linkType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:26	Parameter 'linkElement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:26	Parameter 'linkItemAuthor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:26	Parameter 'linkSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:35	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:35	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:39	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentEnrichmentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:51	Avoid excessively long variable names like zeniSuggestedIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:53	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:98	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'linkType'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentEnrichment.java:207	Avoid excessively long variable names like zeniSuggestedIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentFormat.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentFormat.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentFormat.java:22	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentFormat.java:22	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentFormat.java:35	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentFormat.java:35	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewRating.java:13	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewRating.java:13	Parameter 'questionRating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewRating.java:13	Parameter 'reviewerRating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewRating.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseReviewProgress
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewRating.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like workflowParticipant
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewRating.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like averageAuthorRating
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewRating.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like averageContentRating
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewRating.java:33	Parameter 'reviewRatingId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewRating.java:45	Parameter 'questionRating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewRating.java:57	Parameter 'reviewerRating' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewRating.java:70	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseReviewProgress
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewWorkflow.java:16	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewWorkflow.java:16	Parameter 'notes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewWorkflow.java:16	Parameter 'workflowType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewWorkflow.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentReviewWorkflowId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewWorkflow.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentReviewWorkflowId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewWorkflow.java:38	Parameter 'contentReviewWorkflowId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewWorkflow.java:56	Parameter 'workflowTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewWorkflow.java:62	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'workflowType'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentReviewWorkflow.java:78	Parameter 'completeBy' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentStatus.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentStatus.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentStatus.java:21	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentStatus.java:21	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentStatus.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentStatus.java:34	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentType.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentType.java:25	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentType.java:25	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentType.java:25	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentType.java:38	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ContentType.java:38	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:1	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:18	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:20	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:24	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:24	Parameter 'courseStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:24	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:24	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:25	Parameter 'accountableMember' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:25	Parameter 'courseDuration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:33	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'learningComponentList'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:33	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:35	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:94	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseContSecurity
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:106	Avoid excessively long variable names like additionalInfoIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:110	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailPicturePath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:112	Avoid excessively long variable names like subjClassification
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:146	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:276	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:276	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Course.java:438	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'courseStatus'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseAdditionalProperty.java:16	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseAdditionalProperty.java:16	Parameter 'propertyUsageType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseAdditionalProperty.java:17	Parameter 'propertyDataType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseAdditionalProperty.java:17	Parameter 'propertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseAdditionalProperty.java:17	Parameter 'propertyValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseAdditionalProperty.java:18	Overridable method 'setPropertyUsageType' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseAdditionalProperty.java:20	Overridable method 'setPropertyDataType' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseAdditionalProperty.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseAddnlPropertyId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseAdditionalProperty.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatorMemberPersona
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseAdditionalProperty.java:46	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseAddnlPropertyId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseAdditionalProperty.java:46	Parameter 'courseAddnlPropertyId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseAdditionalProperty.java:159	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatorMemberPersona
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseContentSecurity.java:12	Parameter 'logoPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseContentSecurity.java:13	Parameter 'flotingIndicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseContentSecurity.java:13	Parameter 'watermarkPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseContentSecurity.java:14	Avoid excessively long variable names like signatureIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseContentSecurity.java:14	Parameter 'signatureIndicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseContentSecurity.java:16	Overridable method 'setLogoPath' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseContentSecurity.java:23	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseContentSecurity.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like signatureIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseContentSecurity.java:47	Parameter 'contentSecurityId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseContentSecurity.java:101	Avoid excessively long variable names like signatureIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDeleteType.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDeleteType.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDeleteType.java:20	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDeleteType.java:20	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDeleteType.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDeleteType.java:33	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseAdditionalPropertyList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:24	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponents
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:26	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponentsList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:27	Private field 'learningComponent' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentNest
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:45	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:60	Parameter 'test' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:73	Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:82	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'learningComponent'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:82	Parameter 'learningCompType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:112	Parameter 'childLearningCompIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:114	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'learningCompContent'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:115	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:115	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:116	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childLearningComponent' (lines '116'-'127').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:116	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'childLearningComponent' (lines '116'-'175').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:156	Local variable 'learningContentParts' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:181	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:181	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:201	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:201	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:218	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:218	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:235	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseDetails.java:235	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:3	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:5	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:12	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix).
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:13	Variables that are not final should not contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix).
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:27	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:27	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:35	Parameter 'coursename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:43	Parameter 'coursedesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:51	Parameter 'subjectarea' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:59	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:135	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:139	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:143	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseEditResponse.java:147	Method names should not contain underscores
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseJsonResponse.java:5	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseJsonResponse.java:13	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseJsonResponse.java:13	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseJsonResponse.java:21	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseJsonResponse.java:29	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:10	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:12	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:12	Parameter 'usageEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:12	Parameter 'usageStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:13	Parameter 'courseLCDuration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:19	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:19	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentVersionUsed
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like isLearningComponentOveridden
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:36	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningPlanner
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:52	Parameter 'courseLearningComponentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningComponent.java:67	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningPlanner.java:16	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningPlanner.java:16	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningPlanner.java:16	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningPlanner.java:26	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningPlanner.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseComponentCalendar
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningPlanner.java:39	Parameter 'coursePlannerId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningPlanner.java:52	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningPlanner.java:90	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseComponentCalendar
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningPlanner.java:90	Parameter 'courseComponentCalendar' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningPlanner.java:102	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningPlanner.java:102	Parameter 'courseLearningComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseLearningPlanner.java:114	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybook.java:16	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybook.java:21	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'playbookType'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybook.java:21	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybook.java:21	Parameter 'coursePBStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybook.java:21	Parameter 'playbookType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybook.java:45	Parameter 'fromDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybook.java:57	Parameter 'toDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybook.java:69	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'coursePBStatus'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybook.java:87	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'playbookType'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybook.java:105	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookStatus.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookStatus.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookStatus.java:20	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookStatus.java:20	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookStatus.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookStatus.java:33	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:15	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:15	Parameter 'deliveryType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:15	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:16	Parameter 'contentMarkupPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:16	Parameter 'layoutMarkupPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like coursePlaybookStatus
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:17	Parameter 'coursePlaybookStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like brochureContentPath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:27	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:27	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like coursePlaybookViewId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:35	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:36	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like coursePlaybookStatus
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like coursePlaybookStatusId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:66	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'deliveryType'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:107	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'coursePlaybookStatus'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CoursePlaybookView.java:135	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'recStudentModel'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSearchType.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSearchType.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSearchType.java:22	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSearchType.java:22	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSearchType.java:35	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSearchType.java:35	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseStatus.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseStatus.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseStatus.java:22	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseStatus.java:22	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseStatus.java:35	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseStatus.java:35	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectClassification.java:5	Avoid excessively long variable names like subjClassificationId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectClassification.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like subjClassificationId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectClassification.java:17	Parameter 'subjClassificationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectClassification.java:18	Parameter 'subjectArea' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectClassification.java:18	Parameter 'subjectCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectClassification.java:18	Parameter 'subjectTopic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectClassification.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like subjClassificationId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectClassification.java:30	Parameter 'subjClassificationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectDetail.java:15	Avoid excessively long variable names like subjectClassificationId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectDetail.java:42	Avoid excessively long variable names like subjectClassificationId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectDetail.java:42	Parameter 'subjectClassificationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectDetail.java:43	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectDetail.java:43	Parameter 'subjectArea' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectDetail.java:43	Parameter 'subjectCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectDetail.java:44	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseSubjectDetail.java:65	Avoid excessively long variable names like subjectClassificationId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseTagcloud.java:17	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseTagcloud.java:17	Parameter 'tagType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseTagcloud.java:29	Parameter 'tagCloudId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseTagcloud.java:35	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseTagcloud.java:41	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseTagcloud.java:49	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseTagcloud.java:49	Parameter 'learningComponentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseUseType.java:14	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseUseType.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseUseType.java:18	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseUseType.java:18	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseUseType.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/CourseUseType.java:31	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Criticality.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Criticality.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Criticality.java:20	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Criticality.java:20	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Criticality.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Criticality.java:33	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Duration.java:8	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Duration.java:8	Parameter 'durationUnits' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Duration.java:13	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Duration.java:13	Parameter 'durationUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Duration.java:18	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Duration.java:26	Parameter 'durationUnit' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/DurationUnits.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/DurationUnits.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/DurationUnits.java:18	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/DurationUnits.java:18	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/DurationUnits.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/DurationUnits.java:31	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorContent.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorContent.java:12	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorContent.java:14	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorContent.java:15	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorContent.java:16	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorContent.java:17	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorContent.java:26	Parameter 'parentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorContent.java:32	Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorContent.java:38	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorContent.java:44	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorContent.java:50	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorContent.java:69	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorNote.java:20	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorNote.java:26	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EducatorNote.java:32	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Embed.java:13	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Embed.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatorMemberPersona
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Embed.java:35	Parameter 'applyEmbedId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Embed.java:47	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Embed.java:59	Parameter 'visibility' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Embed.java:71	Parameter 'overrideAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Embed.java:83	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Embed.java:119	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatorMemberPersona
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EmbeddedContentType.java:11	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EmbeddedContentType.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EmbeddedContentType.java:15	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EmbeddedContentType.java:15	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EmbeddedContentType.java:28	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/EmbeddedContentType.java:28	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Enrichment.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatorMemberPersona
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Enrichment.java:41	Parameter 'enrichmentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Enrichment.java:46	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Enrichment.java:59	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Enrichment.java:71	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'visibility'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Enrichment.java:90	Parameter 'visibilityId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Enrichment.java:104	Parameter 'overrideAt' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Enrichment.java:118	Parameter 'contentEnrich' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Enrichment.java:168	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatorMemberPersona
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/GradeType.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/GradeType.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/GradeType.java:19	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/GradeType.java:19	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/GradeType.java:32	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/GradeType.java:32	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Hotspot.java:13	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Hotspot.java:19	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Hotspot.java:25	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:14	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:16	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'course'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:16	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:16	Parameter 'validFrom' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:16	Parameter 'validTo' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:17	Parameter 'courseStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:18	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:18	Parameter 'learningComponentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like prescribedDuration
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:27	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'course'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:27	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:35	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:35	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:38	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:42	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponent.java:155	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'courseStatus'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:11	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:11	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:15	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:15	Parameter 'learningComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like baseLearningContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:16	Parameter 'baseLearningContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:21	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:21	Parameter 'courseStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:22	Parameter 'compContentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:23	Parameter 'learningComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like synchronizeWithVideo
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like baseLearningContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:39	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:45	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:151	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'courseStatus'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContent.java:186	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'compContentType'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:16	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'baseLearningContent'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:16	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'learningComponent'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:16	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:17	Parameter 'learningComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like baseLearningContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:18	Parameter 'baseLearningContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:21	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningCompContentHotspotList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:45	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:45	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:45	Parameter 'learningContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:62	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:62	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:62	Parameter 'enrichist' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:77	Parameter 'enrichment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentDetails.java:96	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningCompContentHotspotList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentEnrichment.java:11	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentEnrichment.java:11	Parameter 'linkType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentEnrichment.java:12	Parameter 'linkElement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentEnrichment.java:12	Parameter 'linkItemAuthor' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentEnrichment.java:12	Parameter 'linkSource' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentEnrichment.java:13	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentEnrichment.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like zeniSuggestedIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentEnrichment.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentEnrichment.java:196	Avoid excessively long variable names like zeniSuggestedIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentEnrichment.java:227	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentHotspot.java:12	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentHotspot.java:12	Parameter 'hotspotName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentHotspot.java:13	Avoid excessively long variable names like hotspotDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentHotspot.java:13	Parameter 'hotspotDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentHotspot.java:13	Parameter 'memberPersona' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentHotspot.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like componentContentHotspotId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentHotspot.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like hotspotDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentHotspot.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentHotspot.java:36	Avoid excessively long variable names like componentContentHotspotId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentHotspot.java:36	Parameter 'componentContentHotspotId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentContentHotspot.java:48	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:23	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'learningComponentType'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:23	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:23	Parameter 'learningComponentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:26	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningCompContentList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentNest
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:34	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:69	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentNest
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:69	Parameter 'learningComponentNest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:85	Parameter 'courseLComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:98	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:98	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:98	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:116	Parameter 'learningComponentContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:128	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:128	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:155	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentDetails.java:155	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:11	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentParent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:11	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:11	Parameter 'learningComponentParent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:12	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentNest
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:12	Parameter 'learningComponentNest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:14	Overridable method 'setLearningComponentParent' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:15	Overridable method 'setNestLearningComponent' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentParent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like nestLearningComponent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:36	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:51	Parameter 'nestLevel' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:65	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentParent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentNest.java:65	Parameter 'learningComponentParent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentTagcloud.java:13	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentTagcloud.java:13	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentTagcloud.java:17	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentTagcloud.java:17	Parameter 'tagType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentTagcloud.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like componentTagCloudId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentTagcloud.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentTagcloud.java:33	Parameter 'tagCloudId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentTagcloud.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like componentTagCloudId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentTagcloud.java:37	Parameter 'componentTagCloudId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentTagcloud.java:53	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentTagcloud.java:53	Parameter 'learningComponentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentTagcloud.java:61	Avoid excessively long variable names like componentTagCloudId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:16	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:16	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:20	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:20	Parameter 'compTypeName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like compTypeDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:21	Parameter 'compTypeDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:21	Parameter 'isDefineQualifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:22	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTypeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:36	Avoid excessively long variable names like compTypeDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:37	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:39	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatorMemberPersona
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:53	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningComponentType.java:111	Avoid excessively long variable names like compTypeDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:1	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:13	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:15	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:15	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:18	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:18	Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:22	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:22	Parameter 'contentTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:29	Private field 'active' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like numberOfThumbnails
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:47	Avoid excessively long variable names like numberOfThumbnails
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:47	Parameter 'numberOfThumbnails' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:59	Parameter 'activeFlag' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:66	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:71	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailPicturePath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:78	Parameter 'screenshotPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:82	Avoid excessively long variable names like rightsOwningMember
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:245	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:245	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:255	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:261	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:261	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContent.java:304	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'contentType'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentDeleteType.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentDeleteType.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentDeleteType.java:20	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentDeleteType.java:20	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentDeleteType.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentDeleteType.java:33	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentParts.java:32	Parameter 'contentPartsId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentParts.java:47	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentParts.java:62	Parameter 'partPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentParts.java:78	Parameter 'partSequence' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentParts.java:92	Parameter 'learningContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentReviewProgress.java:16	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentReviewProgress.java:16	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentReviewProgress.java:16	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentReviewProgress.java:17	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentReviewProgress.java:17	Parameter 'totalDuration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentReviewProgress.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like degreeOfCompletion
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentReviewProgress.java:34	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentReviewProgress.java:35	Avoid excessively long variable names like authoringMemberRole
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentReviewProgress.java:36	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentReviewRatingList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentReviewProgress.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentReviewWorkflow
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentReviewProgress.java:48	Parameter 'reviewProgressId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentTagcloud.java:13	Parameter 'tagName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentTagcloud.java:13	Parameter 'tagType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentTagcloud.java:28	Parameter 'contentTagCloudId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningContentTagcloud.java:40	Parameter 'learningContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningObjectDeleteType.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningObjectDeleteType.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningObjectDeleteType.java:16	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningObjectDeleteType.java:16	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningObjectDeleteType.java:29	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LearningObjectDeleteType.java:29	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LinkSource.java:14	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LinkSource.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LinkSource.java:17	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LinkSource.java:17	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LinkSource.java:30	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LinkSource.java:30	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LinkType.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LinkType.java:23	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LinkType.java:23	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LinkType.java:23	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LinkType.java:36	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/LinkType.java:36	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ModuleEditResponse.java:3	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ModuleEditResponse.java:5	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ModuleEditResponse.java:6	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ModuleEditResponse.java:13	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningObjIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ModuleEditResponse.java:14	Avoid excessively long variable names like prescribedLCDuration
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ModuleEditResponse.java:15	Avoid excessively long variable names like prescribedLCDurationUnit
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ModuleEditResponse.java:28	Parameter 'learningComponentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ModuleEditResponse.java:36	Parameter 'courseLearningComponentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ModuleEditResponse.java:44	Parameter 'modulename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ModuleEditResponse.java:52	Parameter 'moduledesc' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ModuleEditResponse.java:60	Parameter 'learningObjectIndicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentNode.java:5	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentNode.java:10	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentNode.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentNode.java:18	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentNode.java:26	Parameter 'contentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentNode.java:34	Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentNode.java:42	Parameter 'contentname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentNode.java:50	Parameter 'icon' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentNode.java:58	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentNode.java:80	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentNode.java:80	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentNode.java:80	StringBuffer.append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single String.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentTreeNode.java:7	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentTreeNode.java:12	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentTreeNode.java:13	Avoid excessively long variable names like nestLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentTreeNode.java:23	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentTreeNode.java:23	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentTreeNode.java:31	Parameter 'contentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentTreeNode.java:39	Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentTreeNode.java:47	Parameter 'contentname' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentTreeNode.java:55	Parameter 'icon' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentTreeNode.java:63	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestContentTreeNode.java:71	Avoid excessively long variable names like nestLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:9	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:11	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:12	Avoid excessively long variable names like nestLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:15	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:21	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:29	Parameter 'coursename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:37	Parameter 'children' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:45	Parameter 'contents' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:53	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:53	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:69	Avoid excessively long variable names like parentLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:77	Avoid excessively long variable names like nestLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:92	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:92	Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:95	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:95	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:97	Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:97	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '97'-'107').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:103	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '103'-'107').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:110	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:110	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:110	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 18, but has at least 50 characters appended.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:110	StringBuffer.append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single String.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:117	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/NestTreeNode.java:128	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Node.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Node.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Node.java:22	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Node.java:28	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Node.java:34	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Option.java:13	Parameter 'label' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Option.java:21	Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ParticipantType.java:19	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ParticipantType.java:23	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ParticipantType.java:23	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ParticipantType.java:23	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ParticipantType.java:36	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ParticipantType.java:36	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookComponent.java:15	Avoid excessively long variable names like coursePlaybookList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookComponent.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like progCurriculumPlaybookList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookComponent.java:26	Avoid excessively long variable names like coursePlaybookList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookComponent.java:26	Parameter 'coursePlaybookList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookComponent.java:39	Avoid excessively long variable names like progCurriculumPlaybookList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookComponent.java:39	Parameter 'progCurriculumPlaybookList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookDeliveryType.java:13	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookDeliveryType.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookDeliveryType.java:17	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookDeliveryType.java:17	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookDeliveryType.java:30	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookDeliveryType.java:30	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookStatus.java:14	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookStatus.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookStatus.java:18	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookStatus.java:18	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookStatus.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookStatus.java:31	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookType.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookType.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookType.java:20	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookType.java:20	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookType.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PlaybookType.java:33	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PropertyDataType.java:14	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PropertyDataType.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PropertyDataType.java:18	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PropertyDataType.java:18	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PropertyDataType.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PropertyDataType.java:31	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PropertyUsageType.java:13	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PropertyUsageType.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PropertyUsageType.java:17	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PropertyUsageType.java:17	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PropertyUsageType.java:30	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/PropertyUsageType.java:30	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Rating.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Rating.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Rating.java:21	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Rating.java:21	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Rating.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Rating.java:34	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/RecipientStudentModel.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/RecipientStudentModel.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/RecipientStudentModel.java:16	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/RecipientStudentModel.java:16	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/RecipientStudentModel.java:29	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/RecipientStudentModel.java:29	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Reference.java:23	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Reference.java:29	Parameter 'uri' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Reference.java:35	Parameter 'kind' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Reference.java:43	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ReferenceSearchCriteria.java:23	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ReferenceSearchCriteria.java:24	Parameter 'contentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ReferenceSearchCriteria.java:24	Parameter 'indicatorType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ReferenceSearchCriteria.java:25	Parameter 'tags' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ReferenceSearchCriteria.java:25	Parameter 'topic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ReferenceSearchCriteria.java:31	Overridable method 'setLinkType' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/ReferenceSearchCriteria.java:44	Overridable method 'setLinkType' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/SearchReviewerCriteria.java:18	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/SearchReviewerCriteria.java:18	Parameter 'lastName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/SearchReviewerCriteria.java:19	Parameter 'circle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/SearchReviewerCriteria.java:19	Parameter 'deptName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/SearchReviewerCriteria.java:30	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Sequence.java:11	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Sequence.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Sequence.java:15	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Sequence.java:15	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Sequence.java:28	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Sequence.java:28	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Sync.java:14	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Sync.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Sync.java:18	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Sync.java:18	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Sync.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Sync.java:31	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNode.java:7	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNode.java:23	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNode.java:31	Parameter 'coursename' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNode.java:39	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNode.java:39	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNode.java:47	Parameter 'parentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNode.java:55	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeDisplay.java:5	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeDisplay.java:15	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeDisplay.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeDisplay.java:21	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeDisplay.java:29	Parameter 'parentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeDisplay.java:37	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeDisplay.java:45	Parameter 'nodetype' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeDisplay.java:53	Parameter 'icon' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:15	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:17	Parameter 'nodeList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:18	Parameter 'contentList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:19	Overridable method 'setRawList' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:22	Parameter 'cList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:22	Parameter 'nList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:27	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:27	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:32	Local variable 'parentNodeId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:36	Parameter 'parentNodeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:57	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:80	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:93	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:105	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:105	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:110	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'topLevel' (lines '110'-'112').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:112	Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:112	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'topLevel' (lines '112'-'133').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:113	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:135	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:135	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:150	Local variable 'children' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:182	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:182	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:182	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 18, but has at least 37 characters appended.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:182	StringBuffer.append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single String.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:185	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeList.java:194	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeObject.java:7	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeObject.java:8	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeObject.java:9	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeObject.java:18	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeObject.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeObject.java:32	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeObject.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeObject.java:41	Parameter 'courseLearningComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/TreeNodeObject.java:49	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Visibility.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Visibility.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Visibility.java:16	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Visibility.java:16	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Visibility.java:29	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/Visibility.java:29	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WalletShare.java:10	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WalletShare.java:13	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WalletShare.java:13	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WalletShare.java:13	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WalletShare.java:26	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WalletShare.java:26	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowItemStatus.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowItemStatus.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowItemStatus.java:22	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowItemStatus.java:22	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowItemStatus.java:35	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowItemStatus.java:35	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipant.java:16	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipant.java:20	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipant.java:20	Parameter 'communicatedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipant.java:20	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipant.java:21	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipant.java:21	Parameter 'participantType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipant.java:22	Parameter 'courseWorkflow' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipant.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantComment
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipant.java:39	Avoid excessively long variable names like participateMemberRole
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipant.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantComment
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipant.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like authorReviewRatingList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipant.java:124	Avoid excessively long variable names like participateMemberRole
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipantComment.java:15	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipantComment.java:15	Parameter 'comment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipantComment.java:15	Parameter 'createDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipantComment.java:16	Parameter 'criticality' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipantComment.java:16	Parameter 'remarks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipantComment.java:16	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipantComment.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantCommentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipantComment.java:43	Avoid excessively long variable names like participantCommentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipantComment.java:79	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'criticality'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowParticipantComment.java:118	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'status'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowType.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowType.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowType.java:21	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowType.java:21	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowType.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/WorkflowType.java:34	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ActivityType.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ActivityType.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ActivityType.java:21	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ActivityType.java:21	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ActivityType.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ActivityType.java:34	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ContentReference.java:19	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ContentReference.java:25	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseActivity.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like isFacilitationNeeded
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseActivity.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like isFacilitationCompleted
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseActivity.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like isFacilitationUsed
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseActivity.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseActivity.java:35	Parameter 'activityId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseActivity.java:47	Parameter 'activityDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseActivity.java:59	Parameter 'activityType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseActivity.java:71	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseActivity.java:83	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseActivity.java:119	Avoid excessively long variable names like isFacilitationNeeded
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseGrade.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like participationGrade
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseGrade.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like comparativePositionTerm
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseGrade.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like overAllComparativePosition
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseGrade.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like overAllReflectionComment
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseGrade.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseGrade.java:35	Parameter 'courseGradeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseGrade.java:47	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseGrade.java:59	Parameter 'gradeStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseGrade.java:71	Parameter 'overAllGrade' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseGrade.java:83	Parameter 'attendanceGrade' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemParticipation.java:15	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseItemParticipationId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemParticipation.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseItemCalendar
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemParticipation.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseItemParticipationId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemParticipation.java:31	Parameter 'courseItemParticipationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemParticipation.java:43	Parameter 'usageDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemParticipation.java:55	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemParticipation.java:67	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemParticipation.java:79	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemParticipation.java:92	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseItemCalendar
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemProgress.java:15	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemProgress.java:15	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemProgress.java:15	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemProgress.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like degreeOfCompletion
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemProgress.java:16	Parameter 'degreeOfCompletion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemProgress.java:16	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemProgress.java:26	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseItemProgressId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemProgress.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like degreeOfCompletion
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemProgress.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseItemProgress.java:46	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseItemProgressId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseParticipation.java:14	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseParticipationId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseParticipation.java:19	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseParticipation.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseParticipationId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseParticipation.java:30	Parameter 'courseParticipationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseParticipation.java:42	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseParticipation.java:54	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseParticipation.java:66	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseParticipation.java:78	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseParticipation.java:90	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseProperty.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseProperty.java:19	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumCourseProperty
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseProperty.java:30	Parameter 'propertyId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseProperty.java:42	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseProperty.java:54	Parameter 'propertyName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseProperty.java:66	Parameter 'propertyValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseProperty.java:78	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseProperty.java:78	Parameter 'subscriptionCourse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/CourseProperty.java:90	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumCourseProperty
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/GradeStatus.java:13	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/GradeStatus.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/GradeStatus.java:17	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/GradeStatus.java:17	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/GradeStatus.java:30	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/GradeStatus.java:30	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberProgramGrade.java:13	Avoid excessively long variable names like memberProgramGradeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberProgramGrade.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like participationGrade
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberProgramGrade.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like comparativePositionTerm
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberProgramGrade.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like overAllComparativePosition
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberProgramGrade.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like overAllReflectionComment
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberProgramGrade.java:34	Parameter 'memberProgramGradeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberProgramGrade.java:46	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberProgramGrade.java:58	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberProgramGrade.java:70	Parameter 'overAllGrade' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberProgramGrade.java:82	Parameter 'attendanceGrade' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberSubscriptionProgram.java:17	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberSubscriptionProgram.java:19	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionProgramId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberSubscriptionProgram.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetCompletionDate
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberSubscriptionProgram.java:26	Avoid excessively long variable names like subcriptionItemRating
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberSubscriptionProgram.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like subcriptionItemAuthorRating
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberSubscriptionProgram.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like subcriptionItemRatingDesc
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberSubscriptionProgram.java:44	Parameter 'subscriptionProgramId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberSubscriptionProgram.java:56	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberSubscriptionProgram.java:68	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberSubscriptionProgram.java:80	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/MemberSubscriptionProgram.java:92	Parameter 'proficiency' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/Note.java:24	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/Note.java:24	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/Note.java:32	Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/Note.java:40	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/Note.java:48	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/Note.java:56	Parameter 'subCourseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/Note.java:122	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/NotesType.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/NotesType.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/NotesType.java:21	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/NotesType.java:21	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/NotesType.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/NotesType.java:34	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/NotesVisibility.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/NotesVisibility.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/NotesVisibility.java:21	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/NotesVisibility.java:21	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/NotesVisibility.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/NotesVisibility.java:34	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParamName.java:14	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParamName.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParamName.java:18	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParamName.java:18	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParamName.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParamName.java:31	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParticipationStatistics.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParticipationStatistics.java:28	Parameter 'statisticsId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParticipationStatistics.java:40	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParticipationStatistics.java:52	Parameter 'paramName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParticipationStatistics.java:64	Parameter 'paramValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParticipationStatistics.java:76	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/ParticipationStatistics.java:76	Parameter 'subscriptionCourse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SbnCoursePropertyName.java:14	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SbnCoursePropertyName.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SbnCoursePropertyName.java:18	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SbnCoursePropertyName.java:18	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SbnCoursePropertyName.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SbnCoursePropertyName.java:31	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriberNotes.java:13	Parameter 'notesType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriberNotes.java:14	Parameter 'notes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriberNotes.java:14	Parameter 'notesVisibility' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriberNotes.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriberNotes.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseComponentContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriberNotes.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like memberSubscription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriberNotes.java:39	Parameter 'subscriberNoteId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriberNotes.java:51	Parameter 'notesType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriberNotes.java:87	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriberNotes.java:112	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseComponentContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourse.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourseId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourse.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentAuthorRating
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourse.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentRatingDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourse.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentAuthorRatingDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourse.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like memberSubscription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourse.java:37	Parameter 'subscriptionCourseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourse.java:49	Parameter 'isPrimary' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourse.java:61	Parameter 'isSelf' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourse.java:73	Parameter 'includedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourse.java:85	Parameter 'isZeniSuggested' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourseItemCalendar.java:12	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourseItemCalendar.java:12	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourseItemCalendar.java:13	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourseItemCalendar.java:13	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourseItemCalendar.java:13	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionStatus.java:13	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionStatus.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionStatus.java:17	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionStatus.java:17	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionStatus.java:30	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/course/subscription/SubscriptionStatus.java:30	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:4	This class has a bunch of public methods and attributes
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:21	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:24	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:24	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:24	Parameter 'courseUseType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like curruclmCourseIdentifier
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:25	Parameter 'courseVersionUsed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:25	Parameter 'curruclmCourseIdentifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:26	Parameter 'gradeType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like prescribedDuration
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like securityNeededIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumCourseId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:43	Avoid excessively long variable names like curruclmCourseIdentifier
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourse.java:62	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseCalendar.java:22	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseCalendar.java:22	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseCalendar.java:22	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseCalendar.java:23	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseCalendar.java:23	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseCalendar.java:23	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseCalendar.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like zeniSuggestedIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseCalendar.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumCourseCalendarId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseCalendar.java:39	Avoid excessively long variable names like zeniSuggestedIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseCalendar.java:43	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponentList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseCalendar.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumDelivery
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseParticipants.java:14	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseParticipants.java:14	Parameter 'participatingType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseParticipants.java:15	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseParticipants.java:15	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseParticipants.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like currCourseParticipantsId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseParticipants.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like currCourseParticipantsId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseParticipants.java:37	Parameter 'currCourseParticipantsId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseParticipants.java:49	Parameter 'participatingType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseProperty.java:15	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseProperty.java:15	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseProperty.java:15	Parameter 'usageType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseProperty.java:16	Parameter 'datatType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseProperty.java:16	Parameter 'propertyValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumCourseProperty.java:40	Parameter 'propertyId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumDelivery.java:18	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumDelivery.java:18	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumDelivery.java:18	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumDelivery.java:18	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumDelivery.java:19	Parameter 'term' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumDelivery.java:26	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumDeliveryId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumDelivery.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like specialEditionIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumDelivery.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumDeliveryId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumDelivery.java:44	Parameter 'curriculumDeliveryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumDelivery.java:104	Avoid excessively long variable names like specialEditionIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumTerm.java:14	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumTerm.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumTerm.java:18	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumTerm.java:18	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumTerm.java:31	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/CurriculumTerm.java:31	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/Institution.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like certifyingAuthority
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/Institution.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailPicturePath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/Institution.java:35	Parameter 'institutionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/Institution.java:41	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/Institution.java:47	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/Institution.java:59	Parameter 'institutionType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/Institution.java:71	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/Institution.java:119	Avoid excessively long variable names like certifyingAuthority
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/Institution.java:131	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailPicturePath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionStructure.java:15	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionStructure.java:15	Parameter 'relationshipType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionStructure.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like realtionshipDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionStructure.java:16	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionStructure.java:16	Parameter 'realtionshipDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionStructure.java:16	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionStructure.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like realtionshipDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionStructure.java:38	Parameter 'structureId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionStructure.java:62	Avoid excessively long variable names like realtionshipDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionType.java:10	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionType.java:13	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionType.java:13	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionType.java:13	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionType.java:26	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/InstitutionType.java:26	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/LearningProgram.java:43	Parameter 'learningProgramId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/LearningProgram.java:55	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/LearningProgram.java:67	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/LearningProgram.java:79	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/LearningProgram.java:91	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ParticipatingType.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ParticipatingType.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ParticipatingType.java:20	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ParticipatingType.java:20	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ParticipatingType.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ParticipatingType.java:33	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculum.java:19	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculum.java:19	Parameter 'duration' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculum.java:19	Parameter 'validityStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculum.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumIdentifier
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculum.java:20	Parameter 'curriculumIdentifier' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculum.java:20	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculum.java:20	Parameter 'validityEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculum.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like programCurriculumId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculum.java:35	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumIdentifier
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculum.java:36	Avoid excessively long variable names like overallEducatorRating
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculum.java:37	Avoid excessively long variable names like overallLearnerRating
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculumPlaybook.java:19	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculumPlaybook.java:19	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculumPlaybook.java:19	Parameter 'brochureDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculumPlaybook.java:20	Parameter 'deliveryType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculumPlaybook.java:20	Parameter 'layoutMarkupPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculumPlaybook.java:21	Parameter 'contentMarkupPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculumPlaybook.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like brochureContentPath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculumPlaybook.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like progCurriculumPlaybookId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculumPlaybook.java:39	Avoid excessively long variable names like brochureContentPath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculumPlaybook.java:53	Avoid excessively long variable names like progCurriculumPlaybookId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramCurriculumPlaybook.java:137	Avoid excessively long variable names like brochureContentPath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramNameType.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramNameType.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramNameType.java:21	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramNameType.java:21	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramNameType.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramNameType.java:34	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramParticipants.java:13	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramParticipants.java:13	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramParticipants.java:14	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramParticipants.java:14	Parameter 'participatingType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramParticipants.java:15	Avoid excessively long variable names like participatingTypeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramParticipants.java:15	Parameter 'participatingTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramParticipants.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like participatingTypeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramParticipants.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like participatingMbmberRole
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramParticipants.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like participatedProgram
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramParticipants.java:102	Avoid excessively long variable names like participatingTypeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramType.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramType.java:21	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramType.java:21	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramType.java:21	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramType.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/institution/ProgramType.java:34	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Gender.java:13	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Gender.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Gender.java:16	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Gender.java:16	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Gender.java:29	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Gender.java:29	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Member.java:7	Too many fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Member.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like relationshipStatus
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Member.java:84	Avoid excessively long variable names like doNotDistrubIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Member.java:117	Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Member.java:136	Parameter 'memberType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Member.java:157	Avoid excessively long variable names like relationshipStatus
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Member.java:157	Parameter 'relationshipStatus' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Member.java:176	Parameter 'joinedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Member.java:195	Parameter 'firstName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/Member.java:369	Avoid excessively long variable names like doNotDistrubIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberPersona.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like doNotMarketIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberPersona.java:26	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailPicturePath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberPersona.java:36	Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberPersona.java:44	Parameter 'memberRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberPersona.java:52	Parameter 'roleType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberPersona.java:60	Parameter 'roleStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberPersona.java:68	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberPersona.java:76	Avoid excessively long variable names like doNotMarketIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberPersona.java:92	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailPicturePath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRole.java:36	Avoid excessively long variable names like doNotMarketIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRole.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailPicturePath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRole.java:61	Parameter 'memberRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRole.java:80	Parameter 'roleType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRole.java:99	Parameter 'roleStartDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRole.java:117	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRole.java:136	Avoid excessively long variable names like doNotMarketIndicator
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRole.java:136	Parameter 'doNotMarketIndicator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRole.java:164	Avoid excessively long variable names like thumbnailPicturePath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRolePrivilege.java:10	Avoid excessively long variable names like memRolePrivilegeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRolePrivilege.java:53	Avoid excessively long variable names like memRolePrivilegeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRolePrivilege.java:53	Parameter 'memRolePrivilegeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRolePrivilege.java:74	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRolePrivilege.java:95	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRolePrivilege.java:116	Parameter 'roleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRolePrivilege.java:137	Parameter 'memberRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRoleType.java:8	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRoleType.java:16	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRoleType.java:16	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRoleType.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRoleType.java:20	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRoleType.java:30	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRoleType.java:30	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/MemberRoleType.java:37	Local variable 'msg' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/ConversationMode.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/ConversationMode.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/ConversationMode.java:22	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/ConversationMode.java:22	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/ConversationMode.java:35	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/ConversationMode.java:35	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/Group.java:31	Parameter 'groupId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/Group.java:43	Parameter 'totalParticipants' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/Group.java:55	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/Group.java:67	Parameter 'groupPersonality' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/Group.java:79	Parameter 'isZeniSuggested' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupContext.java:32	Parameter 'contextId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupContext.java:44	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupContext.java:56	Parameter 'closedDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupContext.java:68	Parameter 'learningComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupContext.java:80	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMember.java:30	Parameter 'groupMemberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMember.java:42	Parameter 'isLead' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMember.java:54	Parameter 'isNominated' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMember.java:66	Parameter 'isVolunteered' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMember.java:78	Parameter 'totalMemberTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMemberActivity.java:28	Parameter 'activityId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMemberActivity.java:40	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMemberActivity.java:52	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMemberActivity.java:64	Parameter 'desription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMemberActivity.java:76	Parameter 'groupMember' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMemberConversation.java:34	Parameter 'conversationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMemberConversation.java:46	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMemberConversation.java:58	Parameter 'startTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMemberConversation.java:70	Parameter 'endTime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMemberConversation.java:82	Parameter 'conversationMode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMessage.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like postingGroupMember
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMessage.java:31	Parameter 'messageId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMessage.java:43	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMessage.java:55	Parameter 'message' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMessage.java:67	Parameter 'isVotingAllowed' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMessage.java:79	Parameter 'messageType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupMessage.java:115	Avoid excessively long variable names like postingGroupMember
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupPersonality.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupPersonality.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupPersonality.java:22	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupPersonality.java:22	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupPersonality.java:35	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/GroupPersonality.java:35	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/MessageType.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/MessageType.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/MessageType.java:22	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/MessageType.java:22	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/MessageType.java:35	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/MessageType.java:35	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/MessageVisibility.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/MessageVisibility.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/MessageVisibility.java:22	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/MessageVisibility.java:22	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/MessageVisibility.java:35	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/member/collaboration/MessageVisibility.java:35	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:19	Private field 'blogPostId' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:21	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:21	Private field 'title' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:23	Private field 'content' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:25	Private field 'postingMember' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:27	Private field 'createDate' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:37	Parameter 'blogPostId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:37	Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:37	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:38	Parameter 'createDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:38	Parameter 'postingMember' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/BlogPost.java:96	Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Comment.java:12	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Comment.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Comment.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like commentingMemberRoleId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Comment.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Comment.java:18	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Comment.java:21	Parameter 'comment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Comment.java:21	Parameter 'commentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Comment.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like commentingMemberRoleId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Comment.java:22	Parameter 'commentingMemberRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Comment.java:22	Parameter 'createDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:10	Classes implementing Serializable should set a serialVersionUID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:12	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatingMemberRoleId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:18	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:20	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:24	Parameter 'blogTagId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:24	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:24	Parameter 'type' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatingMemberRoleId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:25	Parameter 'createDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/myblogs/Tag.java:25	Parameter 'creatingMemberRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:12	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:12	Variables should start with a lowercase character
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:15	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like pollDisplayEndDate
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetedMemberRoleType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:30	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:30	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:40	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:40	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:48	Parameter 'creatorMember' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:56	Parameter 'pollType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:72	Parameter 'pollEndDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:73	Avoid excessively long variable names like pollDisplayEndDate
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:117	Avoid excessively long variable names like targetedMemberRoleType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:149	Avoid variables with short names like ir
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:149	Local variable 'ir' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:160	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:161	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:162	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:164	Local variable 'poll' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:166	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:184	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/Poll.java:194	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:11	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:11	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:11	Variables should start with a lowercase character
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:12	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:20	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:20	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:28	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:28	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:36	Parameter 'parent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:44	Parameter 'creator' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:52	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:60	Parameter 'questionText' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:73	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:115	Local variable 'itr' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:116	Local variable 'total' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:118	Avoid empty try blocks
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:120	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:129	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:142	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:143	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:144	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:146	Local variable 'question' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:149	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:167	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestion.java:178	Overriding method merely calls super
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionOption.java:8	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionOption.java:9	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionOption.java:12	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionOption.java:16	Parameter 'idx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionOption.java:20	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionOption.java:24	Parameter 'idx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionOption.java:24	Parameter 'text' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionOption.java:37	Parameter 'idx' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResponse.java:29	Parameter 'pollQuestion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResponse.java:43	Parameter 'answers' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResponse.java:53	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResponse.java:54	Avoid throwing null pointer exceptions.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:7	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:7	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:7	Variables should start with a lowercase character
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:10	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:11	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:12	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:13	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:14	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:35	Parameter 'answer1Count' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:43	Parameter 'answer2Count' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:51	Parameter 'answer3Count' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:59	Parameter 'answer4Count' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:67	Parameter 'answer5Count' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:71	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:75	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:75	Avoid variables with short names like qs
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:76	Overridable method 'setID' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:77	Overridable method 'setQuestion' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:84	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:97	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:130	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:131	Local variable 'temp' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:132	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionResult.java:133	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionType.java:11	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionType.java:14	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionType.java:14	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionType.java:14	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionType.java:27	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollQuestionType.java:27	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollResult.java:21	Parameter 'questionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollResult.java:27	Parameter 'question' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollResult.java:34	Parameter 'answer1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollResult.java:40	Parameter 'answer2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollResult.java:46	Parameter 'answer3' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollResultNQuestion.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollResultNQuestion.java:17	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollResultNQuestion.java:19	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollResultNQuestion.java:23	Parameter 'question' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollResultNQuestion.java:27	Parameter 'result' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollResultNQuestion.java:40	Parameter 'pollResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollResultNQuestion.java:49	Parameter 'pollQuestion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollType.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollType.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollType.java:15	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollType.java:15	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollType.java:28	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollType.java:28	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollVisibility.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollVisibility.java:15	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollVisibility.java:15	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollVisibility.java:15	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollVisibility.java:28	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/polls/PollVisibility.java:28	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/recommendations/Recommendation.java:9	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/recommendations/Recommendation.java:9	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/recommendations/Recommendation.java:9	Variables should start with a lowercase character
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/recommendations/Recommendation.java:53	Avoid really long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/recommendations/Recommendation.java:53	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/recommendations/Recommendation.java:53	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/recommendations/Recommendation.java:53	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/recommendations/Recommendation.java:53	Parameter 'title' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/recommendations/Recommendation.java:54	Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/recommendations/Recommendation.java:54	Parameter 'currentState' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/recommendations/Recommendation.java:73	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Blog.java:7	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Blog.java:8	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Blog.java:9	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Blog.java:10	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Blog.java:11	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Blog.java:26	Parameter 'blogDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Blog.java:36	Parameter 'blogId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Blog.java:46	Parameter 'blogTitle' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Blog.java:56	Parameter 'blogDetail' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Blog.java:66	Parameter 'blogTags' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Blog.java:71	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Course.java:5	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Course.java:6	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Course.java:7	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Course.java:8	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Course.java:9	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Course.java:14	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Course.java:20	Parameter 'courseName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Course.java:26	Parameter 'courseDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Course.java:32	Parameter 'educatorFullName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/Course.java:38	Parameter 'courseImageName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/CourseAddlInfo.java:5	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/CourseAddlInfo.java:6	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/CourseAddlInfo.java:6	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/CourseAddlInfo.java:8	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/CourseAddlInfo.java:9	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/CourseAddlInfo.java:14	Parameter 'courseContents' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/CourseAddlInfo.java:20	Parameter 'academicProgram' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/CourseAddlInfo.java:26	Parameter 'merits' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/sample/CourseAddlInfo.java:32	Parameter 'durationInWeeks' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/security/SecurityRole.java:54	Parameter 'roleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/security/SecurityRole.java:72	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/security/SecurityRole.java:90	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/security/SecurityRole.java:108	Parameter 'roleName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/security/SecurityRole.java:126	Parameter 'roleDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:12	The class 'Category' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:29	Parameter 'categoryId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:41	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:53	Parameter 'creatorMember' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:65	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:66	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '66'-'67').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:77	Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:77	The method 'equals' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:78	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:79	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:80	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:81	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:82	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:83	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:84	Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:86	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:87	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:88	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Category.java:89	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:10	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:62	Avoid really long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:62	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'lookupId'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:62	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'lookupValue'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:62	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:62	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:62	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:62	Parameter 'notificationType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:63	Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:63	Parameter 'category' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:63	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:89	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/todo/Todo.java:121	Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Lookup.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Lookup.java:52	Parameter 'lookupId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Lookup.java:72	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Lookup.java:91	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Lookup.java:111	Parameter 'categoryName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Lookup.java:132	Avoid excessively long variable names like categoryDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Lookup.java:132	Parameter 'categoryDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/LookupValue.java:15	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/LookupValue.java:55	Parameter 'lookupValueId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/LookupValue.java:76	Parameter 'lookupValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/LookupValue.java:96	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/LookupValue.java:117	Parameter 'creationDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/LookupValue.java:138	Parameter 'valueDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:21	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:23	Document empty constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:23	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:27	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:27	Parameter 'area' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:27	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:27	Parameter 'topic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:31	Overridable method 'add' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:34	It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:34	Parameter 'topic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:35	Overridable method 'add' called during object construction
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:38	Parameter 'topic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:40	Local variable 'topicList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:41	Local variable 'subjectMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:48	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:51	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'subjectMap' (lines '51'-'54').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:52	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'topicList' (lines '52'-'56').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:52	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'topicList' (lines '52'-'66').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:63	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:76	Avoid unnecessary return statements
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:81	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:84	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:85	Avoid variables with short names like it
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:85	Local variable 'it' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:99	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/SubjectClassification.java:110	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:7	Avoid unused private fields such as 'id'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:7	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:7	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:7	Perhaps 'id' could be replaced by a local variable.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:7	Private field 'id' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:10	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:10	It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:10	Private field 'topic' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:12	Parameter 'area' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:12	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:12	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:12	Parameter 'topic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/domain/utils/Topic.java:19	Parameter 'area' is not assigned and could be declared final