
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:29	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:36	The String literal "Entering Class " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:37	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:37	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:38	The String literal "Exiting Class " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:47	Parameter 'new_Info' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:48	Parameter 'info_Description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:49	Avoid excessively long variable names like info_Descriptiondate
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:49	Parameter 'info_Descriptiondate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:50	Avoid excessively long variable names like info_Descriptiontext
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:50	Parameter 'info_Descriptiontext' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:51	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:51	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:53	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseAdditionalProperty
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:53	Local variable 'courseAdditionalProperty' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:72	Parameter 'new_Info' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:74	Avoid excessively long variable names like info_Descriptiondate
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:75	Avoid excessively long variable names like info_Descriptiontext
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:77	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:77	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:78	Local variable 'courseAdditionalProperty' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AddNewInfoController.java:96	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssignmentController.java:25	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssignmentController.java:25	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:31	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:34	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:35	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:37	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:38	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:40	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:40	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:47	Local variable 'modelView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:60	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:61	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'course_id' (lines '61'-'65').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:62	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modelView' (lines '62'-'74').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:62	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modelView' (lines '62'-'80').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:62	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'modelView' (lines '62'-'89').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:69	Local variable 'isModuleExists' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:72	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:72	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:94	Parameter 'contentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:96	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:96	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:99	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:111	Parameter 'contentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:113	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:113	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/AssociateCourseController.java:129	Parameter 'flashcontentpath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:34	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:35	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:37	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:38	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:42	Parameter 'contentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:43	Local variable 'mav' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:45	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:46	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mediaServerURL' (lines '46'-'47').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:61	Parameter 'contentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:62	Parameter 'componentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:62	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:63	Local variable 'mav' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:65	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:66	Avoid excessively long variable names like enhanced_video_name
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:66	Local variable 'enhanced_video_name' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:82	Parameter 'contentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:88	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'content' (lines '88'-'92').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:114	Avoid unused local variables such as 'parsedNodeType'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:114	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parsedNodeType' (lines '114'-'135').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/ContentController.java:117	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'content' (lines '117'-'119').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseContentService
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:38	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:40	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:41	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:46	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:46	Avoid really long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:47	Parameter 'CourseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:48	Avoid excessively long variable names like LearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:48	Parameter 'LearningComponentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:49	Parameter 'ContentName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:50	Avoid excessively long variable names like ContentDescription
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:50	Parameter 'ContentDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:51	Parameter 'SubjectArea' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:61	Avoid excessively long variable names like ThumbnailPicturePath
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:62	Avoid excessively long variable names like numberOfThumbnails
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:83	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'json' (lines '83'-'138').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:85	Local variable 'accountableMember' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:89	Avoid unused local variables such as 'contentTypeId'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:89	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentTypeId' (lines '89'-'91').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:89	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseid' (lines '89'-'90').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:91	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contentTypeId' (lines '91'-'174').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:92	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learnComponentId' (lines '92'-'93').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:96	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:99	Local variable 'component' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:102	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:116	Local variable 'compContent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseContentController.java:180	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:27	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseNestTreeService
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:30	Private field 'courseIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:31	Private field 'chapterIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:32	Private field 'parentIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:33	Private field 'videoIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:34	Private field 'audioIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:49	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:49	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:58	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:61	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIds' (lines '61'-'67').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:62	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '62'-'73').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:62	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '62'-'107').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:63	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coursename' (lines '63'-'74').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:63	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'coursename' (lines '63'-'107').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:65	Local variable 'modelView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:69	Local variable 'nodeList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:75	The String literal "courseIds" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 75
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:76	The String literal "coursename" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 76
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:79	Local variable 'treeNodeList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:84	The String literal "parentList" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 84
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:87	The String literal "parentIcon" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 87
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:88	The String literal "courseIcon" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 88
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:112	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:116	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIds' (lines '116'-'123').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:117	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '117'-'129').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:117	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '117'-'161').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:118	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coursename' (lines '118'-'130').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:118	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'coursename' (lines '118'-'161').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:120	Local variable 'modelView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:166	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:171	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIds' (lines '171'-'175').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:172	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '172'-'181').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:172	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '172'-'214').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:173	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coursename' (lines '173'-'182').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:173	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'coursename' (lines '173'-'214').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:218	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:221	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIds' (lines '221'-'228').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:222	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '222'-'235').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:222	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '222'-'267').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:223	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coursename' (lines '223'-'236').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseNestTreeController.java:223	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'coursename' (lines '223'-'267').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:26	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseSubjectDetailService
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:33	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:34	The String literal "Entering Class " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:36	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'list' (lines '36'-'38').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:43	The String literal "Exiting Class " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 43
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:52	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:54	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'list' (lines '54'-'56').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:69	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:71	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'list' (lines '71'-'73').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:86	Parameter 'subjectArea' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:87	Parameter 'subjectCategory' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:90	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseSubjectClassification
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:90	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseSubjectClassification' (lines '90'-'92').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:113	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseSubjectClassification
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseSubjectController.java:113	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseSubjectClassification' (lines '113'-'115').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:30	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseTreeNodeService
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:33	Private field 'courseIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:34	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:34	Private field 'chapterIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:35	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:35	Private field 'parentIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:36	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:36	Private field 'videoIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:37	Private field 'audioIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:52	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:52	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:61	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:64	Local variable 'modelView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:66	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIds' (lines '66'-'69').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:67	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '67'-'74').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:68	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coursename' (lines '68'-'75').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:71	Local variable 'NodeList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:74	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '74'-'74').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:75	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coursename' (lines '75'-'75').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeController.java:78	Local variable 'treeNodeList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:31	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseTreeNodeService
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:34	Avoid unused private fields such as 'courseIcon'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:34	Private field 'courseIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:35	Avoid unused private fields such as 'chapterIcon'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:35	Private field 'chapterIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:36	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:36	Private field 'parentIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:37	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:37	Private field 'videoIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:38	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:38	Private field 'audioIcon' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:39	Avoid unused private fields such as 'folderClosed'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:40	Avoid unused private fields such as 'folderOpen'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:41	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:43	Avoid unused private fields such as 'excelIcon'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:51	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:53	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:53	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:62	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:65	Local variable 'modelView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:67	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIds' (lines '67'-'71').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:68	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '68'-'77').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:68	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '68'-'88').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:69	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coursename' (lines '69'-'78').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:70	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:70	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningComponentId' (lines '70'-'89').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:70	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'learningComponentId' (lines '70'-'120').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:74	Local variable 'NodeList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:77	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '77'-'77').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:77	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '77'-'88').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:78	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coursename' (lines '78'-'78').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:81	Local variable 'childList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:82	Local variable 'treeNodeList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:84	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'childtreeNodeList' (lines '84'-'92').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:84	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'childtreeNodeList' (lines '84'-'120').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CourseTreeNodeController.java:88	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIdValue' (lines '88'-'88').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:1	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:51	The class 'CreateCourseController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:51	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:56	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:57	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:59	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:60	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:62	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:63	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:65	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:66	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTagCloudService
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:66	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:68	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:69	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseSubjectDetailService
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:69	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:72	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseTreeNodeService
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:82	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:83	Parameter 'courseName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:85	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iscourseExists' (lines '85'-'106').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:85	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iscourseExists' (lines '85'-'109').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:85	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iscourseExists' (lines '85'-'94').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:85	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'iscourseExists' (lines '85'-'97').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:121	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:122	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isModuleExists' (lines '122'-'125').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:123	Local variable 'course_id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:137	The String literal " Entering Class " appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 137
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:138	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:138	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:138	The String literal "createcourse" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 138
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:145	The String literal "Class " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 145
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:152	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:155	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modelView' (lines '155'-'165').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:157	Local variable 'course_id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:159	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isModuleExists' (lines '159'-'161').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:167	The String literal "CourseId" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 167
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:169	The String literal "module" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 169
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:187	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:189	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modelView' (lines '189'-'201').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:189	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modelView' (lines '189'-'206').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:192	Local variable 'course_id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:193	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isModuleExists' (lines '193'-'195').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:225	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modelView' (lines '225'-'234').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:225	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modelView' (lines '225'-'239').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:227	Local variable 'course_id' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:228	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isModuleExists' (lines '228'-'230').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:255	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:255	Avoid really long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:255	The method 'saveCourse' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:264	Avoid excessively long variable names like CourseExtraCredits
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:266	Avoid excessively long variable names like CourseDurationUnit
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:277	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseDuration' (lines '277'-'285').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:277	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseDurationUnit' (lines '277'-'286').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:277	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseId' (lines '277'-'282').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:277	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIds' (lines '277'-'351').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:277	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'subjClassificationId' (lines '277'-'413').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:298	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseObj' (lines '298'-'347').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:382	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:385	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:388	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:417	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:417	Avoid really long parameter lists.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:417	The method 'saveCourseComponents' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:417	The method saveCourseComponents() has an NCSS line count of 152
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:417	The method saveCourseComponents() has an NPath complexity of 1626
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:448	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIds' (lines '448'-'658').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:451	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseLearningComponentId' (lines '451'-'457').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:451	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseid' (lines '451'-'452').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:451	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningComponentId' (lines '451'-'474').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:451	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningObjIndicator' (lines '451'-'480').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:451	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'parentLearningComponentId' (lines '451'-'466').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:484	Avoid unused local variables such as 'moduleWeight'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:484	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseDuration' (lines '484'-'485').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:484	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'moduleWeight' (lines '484'-'488').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:484	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'unitofDuration' (lines '484'-'486').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:484	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'moduleWeight' (lines '484'-'746').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:488	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'moduleWeight' (lines '488'-'746').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:497	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '497'-'508').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:497	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'flag' (lines '497'-'569').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:499	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseObj' (lines '499'-'638').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:506	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningComponentParent' (lines '506'-'523').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:506	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningComponentParent' (lines '506'-'584').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:524	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:525	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentLearningComponentId' (lines '525'-'746').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:585	Use equals() to compare object references.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:586	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parentLearningComponentId' (lines '586'-'746').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:656	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updatedLearningComponentId' (lines '656'-'664').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:672	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'getTagcloud' (lines '672'-'674').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:673	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tagcloudObj' (lines '673'-'690').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:673	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tagcloudObj' (lines '673'-'706').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:726	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:729	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:758	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseIds' (lines '758'-'760').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:793	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningCompId' (lines '793'-'794').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:826	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningContId' (lines '826'-'828').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:860	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'json' (lines '860'-'870').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:862	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseid' (lines '862'-'863').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:864	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'selected_tags' (lines '864'-'868').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:865	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'available_tags' (lines '865'-'869').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:866	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tag' (lines '866'-'867').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:895	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'json' (lines '895'-'908').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:897	Avoid unused local variables such as 'courseid'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:897	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningComponentId' (lines '897'-'898').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:897	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'courseid' (lines '897'-'920').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:899	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tagfield' (lines '899'-'903').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:900	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tag' (lines '900'-'901').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/CreateCourseController.java:932	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:28	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like defineQualifierService
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:33	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:35	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:35	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:36	Avoid empty try blocks
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:49	Parameter 'learningComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:52	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:52	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:53	Avoid empty try blocks
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:65	Parameter 'learningComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:67	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:67	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/DefineQualifierController.java:68	Avoid empty try blocks
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/EnrichCourseController.java:26	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/EnrichCourseController.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/EnrichCourseController.java:33	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/EnrichCourseController.java:33	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/EnrichCourseController.java:40	Parameter 'contentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/EnrichCourseController.java:43	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modelView' (lines '43'-'52').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/EnrichCourseController.java:43	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'modelView' (lines '43'-'56').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/EnrichCourseController.java:43	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'modelView' (lines '43'-'64').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/EnrichCourseController.java:45	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseid' (lines '45'-'46').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/EnrichCourseController.java:48	Local variable 'contentCount' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/EnrichCourseController.java:50	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/EnrichCourseController.java:50	Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/FileUploadController.java:26	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/FileUploadController.java:28	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/FileUploadController.java:28	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:38	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:42	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:49	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:49	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:52	Local variable 'draftedCourses' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:54	Local variable 'reviewedCourses' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:56	Local variable 'activeCourses' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:77	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:77	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mv' (lines '77'-'87').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:77	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mv' (lines '77'-'93').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:79	Local variable 'roleType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:88	The String literal "courses" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 88
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:98	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'program' (lines '98'-'103').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:98	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'program' (lines '98'-'123').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:99	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courses' (lines '99'-'105').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:99	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'courses' (lines '99'-'123').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:108	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:110	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:160	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:160	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mv' (lines '160'-'168').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/MyCoursesController.java:160	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mv' (lines '160'-'185').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/SearchContentController.java:27	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/SearchContentController.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseContentService
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/SearchContentController.java:33	Parameter 'MemberPersona' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/SearchContentController.java:34	Parameter 'courseSearchType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/SearchContentController.java:35	Parameter 'learningComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/SearchContentController.java:40	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/course/SearchContentController.java:40	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/course/CourseException.java:7	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 't'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/course/CourseException.java:7	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/course/CourseException.java:7	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/course/CourseException.java:16	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'code'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/course/CourseException.java:16	Parameter 'code' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/ContentMapper.java:14	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:19	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.course.CourseStatus'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:19	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.course.CourseStatus'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:29	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:40	The String literal "courseId" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:40	The String literal "courseid" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:41	The String literal "name" appears 16 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 41
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:42	The String literal "description" appears 16 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 42
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:43	The String literal "coursestatus" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 43
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:73	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:139	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseAdditionalProperty
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:148	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:184	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTypeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:192	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:389	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:391	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:393	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:397	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseMapper.java:399	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CoursePlaybookMapper.java:37	The String literal "courseplaybookid" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CoursePublishMapper.java:94	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentReviewWorkflowId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseSubjectDetailMapper.java:27	The String literal "SubjectArea" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseSubjectDetailMapper.java:32	The String literal "SubjectCategory" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 32
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseSubjectDetailMapper.java:37	The String literal "SubjectTopic" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseTagcloudMapper.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseTagcloudMapper.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseTreeNodeMapper.java:30	The String literal "courseid" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 30
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseTreeNodeMapper.java:36	The String literal "parentId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 36
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseTreeNodeMapper.java:49	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/CourseTreeNodeMapper.java:73	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/EnrichmentMapper.java:48	The String literal "active" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 48
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/EnrichmentMapper.java:84	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/EnrichmentMapper.java:120	The String literal "learningcontenid" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 120
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/EnrichmentMapper.java:121	The String literal "contenttype" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 121
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/EnrichmentMapper.java:122	The String literal "contentname" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 122
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentContentHotspotMapper.java:34	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentContentMapper.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentContentMapper.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentContentMapper.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentContentMapper.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentContentMapper.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentMapper.java:38	The String literal "name" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentMapper.java:39	The String literal "description" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 39
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentMapper.java:64	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentMapper.java:67	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentMapper.java:70	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentMapper.java:75	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentTagcloudMapper.java:16	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTagcloud
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentTagcloudMapper.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningComponentTagcloudMapper.java:36	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTagcloud
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/LearningContentMapper.java:65	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningContentPartsId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/PlannerMapper.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningPlanner
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/PlannerMapper.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/SocializeMapper.java:29	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningContentReviewProgress
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/SocializeMapper.java:50	The String literal "memberid" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 50
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/SocializeMapper.java:65	The String literal "memberroleid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 65
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/SocializeMapper.java:119	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentReviewWorkflowId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/SocializeMapper.java:133	Avoid excessively long variable names like workflowParticipantId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/SocializeMapper.java:151	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentReviewWorkflow
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourseMapper.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like subscriptionCourseId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourseMapper.java:37	The String literal "subscriptionProgramId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 37
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/course/subscription/SubscriptionCourseMapper.java:38	The String literal "memberroleid" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 38
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/ContentService.java:14	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseContentEnrichmentService.java:21	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseContentEnrichmentService.java:28	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseContentEnrichmentService.java:35	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseContentEnrichmentService.java:42	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseContentEnrichmentService.java:50	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseContentEnrichmentService.java:57	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseContentService.java:22	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseContentService.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseContentService.java:30	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseContentService.java:39	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseContentService.java:48	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseContentService.java:57	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseEditService.java:8	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseEditService.java:10	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseEditService.java:10	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CoursePlannerService.java:16	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CoursePublishService.java:23	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CoursePublishService.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like reviewComponentsList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CoursePublishService.java:32	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CoursePublishService.java:40	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CoursePublishService.java:47	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CoursePublishService.java:54	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSearchService.java:12	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseService.java:15	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseService.java:24	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseService.java:34	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseService.java:44	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseService.java:45	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseAdditionalProperty
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseService.java:53	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseService.java:60	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseService.java:89	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseService.java:106	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseService.java:114	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSocializeService.java:23	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSocializeService.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like reviewComponentsList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSocializeService.java:31	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSocializeService.java:40	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSocializeService.java:48	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSocializeService.java:55	Avoid excessively long variable names like workflowParticipant
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSocializeService.java:55	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSocializeService.java:63	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentReviewWorkflowId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSubjectDetailService.java:15	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSubjectDetailService.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSubjectDetailService.java:19	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSubjectDetailService.java:21	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseSubjectDetailService.java:24	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseTreeNodeService.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTypeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseTreeNodeService.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseTreeNodeService.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentNestId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/CourseTreeNodeService.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/DefineQualifierService.java:19	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/DefineQualifierService.java:26	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTypeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/DefineQualifierService.java:26	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/DefineQualifierService.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/DefineQualifierService.java:33	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/DefineQualifierService.java:41	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/DefineQualifierService.java:48	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/DefineQualifierService.java:57	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTypeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/LearningComponentTagCloudService.java:8	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/LearningComponentTagCloudService.java:9	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTagcloud
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/LearningComponentTagCloudService.java:12	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/LearningComponentTagCloudService.java:13	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/ManageCourseService.java:31	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/ManageCourseService.java:37	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/ManageCourseService.java:43	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/ManageCourseService.java:49	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/ManageCourseService.java:57	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/ManageCourseService.java:71	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumCourseId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/ManageCourseService.java:120	Avoid excessively long variable names like curriculumCourseId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/PlaybookService.java:23	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/PlaybookService.java:38	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/PlaybookService.java:47	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/PlaybookService.java:57	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/PlaybookService.java:64	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/TagCloudService.java:8	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/TagCloudService.java:11	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/TreeNodeObjectService.java:7	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/ContentServiceImpl.java:13	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/ContentServiceImpl.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/ContentServiceImpl.java:17	Parameter 'contentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:31	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:37	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:43	Parameter 'enrich' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:44	Document empty method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:50	Parameter 'enrichLinkType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:50	Parameter 'enrichment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:58	Parameter 'enrichment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:64	Parameter 'enrichLinkType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:118	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentEnrichment' (lines '118'-'139').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:118	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contentEnrichment' (lines '118'-'150').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:162	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentEnrichment' (lines '162'-'173').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:162	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contentEnrichment' (lines '162'-'189').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:200	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentEnrichment' (lines '200'-'211').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:200	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contentEnrichment' (lines '200'-'220').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:227	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'enrichmentMap' (lines '227'-'234').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:228	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'enrichList' (lines '228'-'233').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:229	Avoid excessively long variable names like refContentEnrichList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:229	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'refContentEnrichList' (lines '229'-'235').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:230	Avoid excessively long variable names like topicContentEnrichList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:230	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'topicContentEnrichList' (lines '230'-'236').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:231	Avoid excessively long variable names like notesContentEnrichList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:231	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'notesContentEnrichList' (lines '231'-'237').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:232	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentEnrichment' (lines '232'-'250').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:232	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contentEnrichment' (lines '232'-'276').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:233	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'enrichList' (lines '233'-'243').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:233	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'enrichList' (lines '233'-'276').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:234	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'enrichmentMap' (lines '234'-'276').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:235	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'refContentEnrichList' (lines '235'-'276').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:236	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'topicContentEnrichList' (lines '236'-'276').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:237	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'notesContentEnrichList' (lines '237'-'276').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:243	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:246	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:282	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hotspotList' (lines '282'-'289').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:282	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'hotspotList' (lines '282'-'296').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:289	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'hotspotList' (lines '289'-'291').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:302	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contents' (lines '302'-'308').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:302	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contents' (lines '302'-'313').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:319	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contents' (lines '319'-'325').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:319	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contents' (lines '319'-'330').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:337	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'compContent' (lines '337'-'344').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:337	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'compContent' (lines '337'-'352').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:357	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'compContent' (lines '357'-'364').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:357	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'compContent' (lines '357'-'377').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:370	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:370	Local variable 'hotspotId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:383	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'compContent' (lines '383'-'390').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:383	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'compContent' (lines '383'-'400').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:41	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentParts' (lines '41'-'68').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:41	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentParts' (lines '41'-'90').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:41	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contentParts' (lines '41'-'96').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:42	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningContent' (lines '42'-'48').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:42	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'learningContent' (lines '42'-'96').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:55	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:105	Avoid excessively long variable names like baseLearningContent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:117	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:129	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:129	Parameter 'learningComponentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:131	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lCompContent' (lines '131'-'139').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:131	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'lCompContent' (lines '131'-'151').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:132	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isDelete' (lines '132'-'151').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:132	Local variable 'isDelete' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:147	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:155	Parameter 'compContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:155	Parameter 'searchCriteria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:162	Parameter 'compContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:165	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningContent' (lines '165'-'174').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:165	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'learningContent' (lines '165'-'198').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:166	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentPartsList' (lines '166'-'193').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:166	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contentPartsList' (lines '166'-'198').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:183	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:201	Parameter 'memberRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:204	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentList' (lines '204'-'209').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:204	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contentList' (lines '204'-'219').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:209	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentList' (lines '209'-'213').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:226	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:226	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isDelete' (lines '226'-'262').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:227	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningContentIdList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:227	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningContentIdList' (lines '227'-'238').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:227	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningContentIdList' (lines '227'-'250').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseContentServiceImpl.java:227	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'learningContentIdList' (lines '227'-'262').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseCurriculumServiceImpl.java:5	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEditServiceImpl.java:22	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEditServiceImpl.java:27	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEditServiceImpl.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseEditResponse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEditServiceImpl.java:30	Local variable 'courseEditResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEditServiceImpl.java:40	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEditServiceImpl.java:40	Parameter 'learningComponentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEditServiceImpl.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like moduleEditResponse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEditServiceImpl.java:44	Local variable 'moduleEditResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:22	Parameter 'enrichment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceImpl.java:26	Local variable 'value' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseNestTreeNodeMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:24	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:27	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:33	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:57	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:64	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:71	Local variable 'contentlist' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:74	Local variable 'rawList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:77	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tree' (lines '77'-'80').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:80	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tree' (lines '80'-'98').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:83	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:102	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseNestTreeServiceImpl.java:107	Local variable 'tree' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseParticipantsServiceImpl.java:5	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePlannerServiceImpl.java:24	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePlannerServiceImpl.java:27	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePlannerServiceImpl.java:29	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'plannerList' (lines '29'-'31').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:8	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.stereotype.Service'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:8	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.stereotype.Service'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:42	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:44	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:46	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLComponentMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:48	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContentMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:50	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:52	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:54	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:59	Avoid excessively long variable names like reviewComponentsList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:59	Parameter 'reviewComponentsList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:60	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:64	The String literal "Course/LearningObject/Content Cannot be null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 64
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:80	Parameter 'memberRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:82	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reviewList' (lines '82'-'88').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:82	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'reviewList' (lines '82'-'93').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:89	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:96	Parameter 'reviewCommentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:99	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isDelete' (lines '99'-'106').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:99	Local variable 'isDelete' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:109	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:166	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reviewItem' (lines '166'-'173').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:166	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'reviewItem' (lines '166'-'177').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:173	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:183	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'workflow' (lines '183'-'190').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:183	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'workflow' (lines '183'-'195').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:218	Local variable 'newParticipant' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:242	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'reviewRating' (lines '242'-'270').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:242	Local variable 'reviewRating' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:243	Avoid excessively long variable names like contentReviewRatingList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:243	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contentReviewRatingList' (lines '243'-'255').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:243	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contentReviewRatingList' (lines '243'-'270').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:244	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'authorReviewRatingList' (lines '244'-'262').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CoursePublishServiceImpl.java:244	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'authorReviewRatingList' (lines '244'-'270').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:1	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:49	The class 'CourseServiceImpl' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 25).
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:49	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:55	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:57	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:59	Avoid excessively long variable names like contSecurityMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:59	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:61	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:61	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:64	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningContentMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:64	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:67	Avoid excessively long variable names like componentNestMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:69	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLComponentMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:85	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:85	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:85	The method 'saveOrUpdateCourse' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:87	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'contSecurity' (lines '87'-'92').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:88	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tagcloudList' (lines '88'-'90').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:90	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tagcloudList' (lines '90'-'144').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:90	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tagcloudList' (lines '90'-'98').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:92	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'contSecurity' (lines '92'-'200').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:94	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:103	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:113	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:129	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:137	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isSecurity' (lines '137'-'170').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:146	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:157	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:182	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:204	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:206	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseDetails' (lines '206'-'216').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:206	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'courseDetails' (lines '206'-'293').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:207	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseLearningComponentList' (lines '207'-'222').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:207	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'courseLearningComponentList' (lines '207'-'293').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:208	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'compDetails' (lines '208'-'268').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:208	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'compDetails' (lines '208'-'293').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:209	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'compNest' (lines '209'-'275').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:209	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'compNest' (lines '209'-'293').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:210	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningComp' (lines '210'-'227').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:210	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'learningComp' (lines '210'-'293').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:296	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:298	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'course' (lines '298'-'306').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:298	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'course' (lines '298'-'315').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:306	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:318	Parameter 'memberPersonaId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:321	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseList' (lines '321'-'322').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:322	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseList' (lines '322'-'331').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:322	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'courseList' (lines '322'-'336').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:323	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'memberRoleId' (lines '323'-'336').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:323	Local variable 'memberRoleId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:331	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseList' (lines '331'-'333').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:346	Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:346	Parameter 'courseList' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:346	The method 'getCourseProgress' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 25.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:346	The method getCourseProgress() has an NPath complexity of 737
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:349	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newCourseList' (lines '349'-'361').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:350	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseProgress' (lines '350'-'369').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:351	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'couseCompList' (lines '351'-'382').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:352	Avoid unused local variables such as 'isComponentExists'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:352	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isComponentExists' (lines '352'-'387').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:359	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'lCompId' (lines '359'-'399').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:360	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseId' (lines '360'-'378').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:363	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:366	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'component' (lines '366'-'397').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:369	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseProgress' (lines '369'-'388').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:370	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'componentContentSize' (lines '370'-'402').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:371	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningContentSize' (lines '371'-'415').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:372	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'enrichSize' (lines '372'-'420').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:373	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'assignmentSize' (lines '373'-'437').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:374	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coursePlaybookSize' (lines '374'-'467').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:375	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'reviewProgressSize' (lines '375'-'481').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:375	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'reviewProgressSize' (lines '375'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:376	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'count' (lines '376'-'449').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:385	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:387	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isComponentExists' (lines '387'-'387').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:387	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isComponentExists' (lines '387'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:393	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'plannerCheck' (lines '393'-'464').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:393	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'plannerCheck' (lines '393'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:394	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'playbookCheck' (lines '394'-'479').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:394	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'playbookCheck' (lines '394'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:407	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:409	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isContentExists' (lines '409'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:412	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'compCheck' (lines '412'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:428	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:429	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:431	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isEnriched' (lines '431'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:435	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'enrichCheck' (lines '435'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:442	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:443	Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:444	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isAssignmentExist' (lines '444'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:447	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'assignCheck' (lines '447'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:452	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:452	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:461	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isPlannerExists' (lines '461'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:464	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'plannerCheck' (lines '464'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:476	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isPlaybookExists' (lines '476'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:479	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'playbookCheck' (lines '479'-'479').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:479	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'playbookCheck' (lines '479'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:488	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:492	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isSocialized' (lines '492'-'515').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:520	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'course' (lines '520'-'525').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:520	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'course' (lines '520'-'529').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:550	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'course' (lines '550'-'555').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:550	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'course' (lines '550'-'559').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:555	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:564	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningObjectList' (lines '564'-'573').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:564	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'learningObjectList' (lines '564'-'577').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:565	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isLearningObject' (lines '565'-'577').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:565	Local variable 'isLearningObject' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:583	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningObject' (lines '583'-'589').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:583	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'learningObject' (lines '583'-'594').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:584	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isLearningObject' (lines '584'-'594').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:584	Local variable 'isLearningObject' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:591	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:601	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'isDelete' (lines '601'-'610').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:601	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isDelete' (lines '601'-'627').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:602	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningComponentContentIdList' (lines '602'-'612').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:602	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'learningComponentContentIdList' (lines '602'-'627').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:603	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:633	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'componentsMap' (lines '633'-'635').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:637	Local variable 'learningObjectList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:648	Local variable 'status' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImpl.java:649	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:27	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseSubjectDetailMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:41	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:42	Consider simply returning the value vs storing it in local variable 'list'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:53	Parameter 'subjectArea' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:54	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:67	Parameter 'subjectTopic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:68	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:75	Parameter 'subjectTopic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:76	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseSubjectClassification
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:76	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseSubjectClassification' (lines '76'-'83').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:86	The String literal "Exiting Class :" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 86
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:102	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:103	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseSubjectClassification
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailsServiceImpl.java:103	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'courseSubjectClassification' (lines '103'-'109').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:36	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseTreeNodeMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:36	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:39	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:40	The String literal "Entering Class :" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:43	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponent
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:43	Local variable 'courseLearningComponent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:45	The String literal "Exiting Class :" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 45
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:54	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTypeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:54	Parameter 'learningComponentTypeId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:59	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:59	Local variable 'learningComponentType' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:70	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:70	Parameter 'learningComponentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:75	Local variable 'learningComponent' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:87	Parameter 'learningComponentNestId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:92	Local variable 'learningComponentNest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:104	Parameter 'learningComponentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceImpl.java:109	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:28	Avoid variables with short names like ME
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:34	Parameter 'memberRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:35	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTypeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:37	Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:37	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isDelete' (lines '37'-'46').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:49	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentType
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:49	Parameter 'learningComponentType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:62	Parameter 'learningComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:67	Document empty method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:67	Parameter 'learningComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:75	Avoid excessively long variable names like defineQualifierList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:75	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'defineQualifierList' (lines '75'-'81').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:76	Local variable 'isDefineQualifier' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:77	Avoid excessively long variable names like updatedDefineQualifierList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:77	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'updatedDefineQualifierList' (lines '77'-'84').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:78	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'memPersona' (lines '78'-'88').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:78	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'memPersona' (lines '78'-'106').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:79	Local variable 'memberRoleId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:90	Local variable 'institutionId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:93	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:109	Parameter 'memberRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:110	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTypeId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:111	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningComponentType' (lines '111'-'118').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:111	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'learningComponentType' (lines '111'-'123').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:112	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isDelete' (lines '112'-'123').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/DefineQualifierServiceImpl.java:112	Local variable 'isDelete' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/FileUploadServiceImpl.java:14	Parameter 'file' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/LearningComponentTagCloudServiceImpl.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTagcloudMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/LearningComponentTagCloudServiceImpl.java:21	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/LearningComponentTagCloudServiceImpl.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTagcloud
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/LearningComponentTagCloudServiceImpl.java:25	Parameter 'learningComponentTagcloud' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/LearningComponentTagCloudServiceImpl.java:27	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tags' (lines '27'-'34').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/LearningComponentTagCloudServiceImpl.java:27	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tags' (lines '27'-'37').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/LearningComponentTagCloudServiceImpl.java:33	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/LearningComponentTagCloudServiceImpl.java:62	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/LearningComponentTagCloudServiceImpl.java:62	Parameter 'learningComponentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/LearningComponentTagCloudServiceImpl.java:63	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tags' (lines '63'-'69').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like coursePlaybookMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:30	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:33	Parameter 'playbookId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:35	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isDelete' (lines '35'-'87').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:35	Local variable 'isDelete' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:36	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coursePB' (lines '36'-'44').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:36	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'coursePB' (lines '36'-'87').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:58	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:66	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:74	Deeply nested if..then statements are hard to read
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:83	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:90	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:93	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'playbookList' (lines '93'-'101').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:93	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'playbookList' (lines '93'-'110').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:96	The String literal "Course ID cannot be null" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 96
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:99	Local variable 'isDelete' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:106	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:113	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:115	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isDelete' (lines '115'-'128').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:115	Local variable 'isDelete' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:116	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'playbookList' (lines '116'-'122').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:116	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'playbookList' (lines '116'-'128').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:123	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:131	Document empty method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:131	Parameter 'coursePB' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:136	Parameter 'coursePB' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:137	Document empty method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:144	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'playbookView' (lines '144'-'156').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:144	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'playbookView' (lines '144'-'168').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:153	Local variable 'coursePBId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:187	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'isDelete' (lines '187'-'196').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:187	Local variable 'isDelete' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:191	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:193	Avoid instantiating Integer objects. Call Integer.valueOf() instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:203	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'playbookView' (lines '203'-'210').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceImpl.java:203	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'playbookView' (lines '203'-'229').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TagCloudServiceImpl.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseTagcloudMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TagCloudServiceImpl.java:20	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TagCloudServiceImpl.java:23	Parameter 'courseTagcloud' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TagCloudServiceImpl.java:25	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tags' (lines '25'-'30').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TagCloudServiceImpl.java:25	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tags' (lines '25'-'32').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TagCloudServiceImpl.java:27	The String literal " Method Name :saveOrUpadteTags(Integer courseId)" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TagCloudServiceImpl.java:29	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TagCloudServiceImpl.java:43	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TagCloudServiceImpl.java:44	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'tags' (lines '44'-'48').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectServiceImpl.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseTreeNodeService
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectServiceImpl.java:27	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectServiceImpl.java:29	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectServiceImpl.java:34	Local variable 'nodeObject' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectServiceImpl.java:35	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectServiceImpl.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponentList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectServiceImpl.java:38	Local variable 'courseLearningComponentList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectServiceImpl.java:43	Local variable 'contentMap' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectServiceImpl.java:45	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningContentList
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectServiceImpl.java:45	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'learningContentList' (lines '45'-'64').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectServiceImpl.java:45	Local variable 'learningContentList' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectServiceImpl.java:48	Avoid excessively long variable names like getCourseLearningComponentId
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/BaseTest.java:21	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/BaseTest.java:23	Local variable 'memberId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/BaseTest.java:24	Local variable 'memberPersonaId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/BaseTest.java:26	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:22	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.id.ZID'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:22	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.id.ZID'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:33	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseContentService
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:36	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:36	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:38	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContent
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:38	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'learningComponentContent' (lines '38'-'40').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:56	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:56	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:56	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:61	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:61	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:63	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:66	Local variable 'learningContentId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:74	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:74	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:76	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:78	Local variable 'learningContentId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:87	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:89	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:91	Local variable 'learningContentId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:97	Local variable 'learningContent' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:106	Avoid excessively long variable names like rightsOwningMember
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:106	Local variable 'rightsOwningMember' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:112	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:114	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:118	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'learningComponentContent'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:119	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentContent
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseAssociateContentServiceTest.java:119	Parameter 'learningComponentContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:40	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:43	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:43	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:44	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:47	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newCourse' (lines '47'-'51').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:48	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:53	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:59	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:59	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:59	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:61	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:64	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newCourse' (lines '64'-'70').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:68	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:72	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:79	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:79	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:81	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:84	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:88	Local variable 'newCourse' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:94	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:94	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:94	Avoid unused private methods such as 'buildCourseForUpdate()'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:95	Avoid unused local variables such as 'compList'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:95	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'compList' (lines '95'-'126').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:95	Local variable 'compList' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:122	The String literal "Constructed Course  : " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 122
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:128	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:128	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:164	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:164	Avoid unused private methods such as 'buildCourseWithComponentForSave()'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:173	The String literal "Module1" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 173
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:198	Avoid unused local variables such as 'courseDetails'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:198	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'courseDetails' (lines '198'-'206').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:208	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:253	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:256	Avoid unused local variables such as 'tagcloudList'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:256	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'tagcloudList' (lines '256'-'320').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:333	Avoid really long methods.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseDefineTest.java:419	Avoid excessively long variable names like compContentDetails2
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceTest.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceTest.java:32	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceTest.java:33	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceTest.java:35	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'enrichment' (lines '35'-'38').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceTest.java:36	Local variable 'linkType' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceTest.java:40	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceTest.java:48	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'enrichment'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceTest.java:49	Parameter 'linkType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceTest.java:51	Local variable 'authoredMember' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceTest.java:56	Local variable 'content' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseEnrichmentServiceTest.java:65	Local variable 'contEnrichment' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:46	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:46	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:46	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:53	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:53	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:53	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:61	Local variable 'memberId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:62	Local variable 'memberPersonaId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:63	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:73	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:79	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:82	Local variable 'courses' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:83	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:83	Use assertSame(x, y) instead of assertTrue(x==y), or assertNotSame(x,y) vs assertFalse(x==y)
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:89	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:91	Local variable 'courses' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:92	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:92	Use assertSame(x, y) instead of assertTrue(x==y), or assertNotSame(x,y) vs assertFalse(x==y)
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:97	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:100	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:105	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:107	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'course' (lines '107'-'108').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceImplTest.java:109	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:12	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.util.Assert'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:12	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.util.Assert'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:33	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:43	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:47	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:47	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:48	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:51	Avoid unused local variables such as 'newCourse'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:51	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newCourse' (lines '51'-'55').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:53	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:55	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newCourse' (lines '55'-'59').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:57	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:62	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:62	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:64	Local variable 'courses' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:65	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:67	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:68	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:69	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:75	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:75	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:80	Avoid unused local variables such as 'newCourse'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:80	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newCourse' (lines '80'-'86').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:84	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:86	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'newCourse' (lines '86'-'90').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:92	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:92	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:93	Avoid unused local variables such as 'compList'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:93	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'compList' (lines '93'-'124').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:93	Local variable 'compList' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:120	The String literal "Constructed Course  : " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 120
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:126	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:126	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:126	Avoid unused private methods such as 'buildCourseForSave()'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:161	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:161	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:161	Avoid unused private methods such as 'buildCourseWithComponentForSave()'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:170	The String literal "Module1" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 170
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:205	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:249	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:249	Avoid unused private methods such as 'buildCourseTreeData()'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:326	Avoid really long methods.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseServiceTest.java:414	Avoid excessively long variable names like compContentDetails2
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailTest.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailTest.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Map'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailTest.java:13	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.util.Assert'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailTest.java:13	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.springframework.util.Assert'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailTest.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseSubjectDetailService
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailTest.java:30	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseSubjectDetailTest.java:30	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:33	No need to import a type that lives in the same package
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:43	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:46	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:46	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:47	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:50	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newCourse' (lines '50'-'54').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:51	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:56	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:62	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:62	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:64	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:67	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'newCourse' (lines '67'-'73').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:71	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:75	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:81	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:81	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:81	Avoid unused private methods such as 'buildCourseForUpdate()'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:82	Avoid unused local variables such as 'compList'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:82	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'compList' (lines '82'-'113').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:82	Local variable 'compList' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:83	Local variable 'tagcloudList' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:84	Local variable 'course1' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:109	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:109	The String literal "Constructed Course  : " appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 109
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:115	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:115	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:150	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:150	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:150	Avoid unused private methods such as 'buildCourseWithComponentForSave()'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:159	The String literal "Module1" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 159
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:194	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:238	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:238	Avoid unused private methods such as 'buildCourseTreeData()'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:315	Avoid really long methods.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTest.java:403	Avoid excessively long variable names like compContentDetails2
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:29	This class name ends with 'Test' but contains no test cases
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:32	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseTreeNodeService
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:32	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:35	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:35	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:36	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentTypeId
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:36	Local variable 'learningComponentTypeId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:37	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:39	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentType
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:39	Local variable 'learningComponentType' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:41	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:41	The String literal "@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 41
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:42	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:47	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:52	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:52	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:53	Local variable 'learningContentId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:54	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:57	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:66	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:66	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:67	Local variable 'learningContentId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:82	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:82	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:83	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:97	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:97	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:97	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/CourseTreeNodeServiceTest.java:111	Method names should not start with capital letters
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/MyCoursesServiceTest.java:20	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/MyCoursesServiceTest.java:23	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/MyCoursesServiceTest.java:23	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/MyCoursesServiceTest.java:24	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/MyCoursesServiceTest.java:26	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coursesList' (lines '26'-'31').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/MyCoursesServiceTest.java:28	Local variable 'memberPersona' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/MyCoursesServiceTest.java:34	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/MyCoursesServiceTest.java:36	Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0) with calls to isEmpty()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:31	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:31	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:32	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:33	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'coursePlaybook' (lines '33'-'35').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:42	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:44	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:45	Local variable 'coursePlaybookId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:47	Local variable 'coursePB' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:49	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:51	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:56	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:58	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:60	Local variable 'playbookId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:67	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:71	Local variable 'playbook' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:78	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:82	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'playbookList' (lines '82'-'84').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:83	Local variable 'courseId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:93	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'playbook' (lines '93'-'95').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/PlaybookServiceTest.java:110	Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'coursePB'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:11	Parameter 'treeObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:12	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:12	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:12	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 98 characters appended.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponentList
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:17	Local variable 'courseLearningComponentList' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:21	The String literal "<Node ID=\"" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 21
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:26	The String literal "\">\n" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 26
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:27	Avoid excessively long variable names like getCourseLearningComponentId
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:27	Local variable 'getCourseLearningComponentId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:30	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningContentList
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:30	Local variable 'learningContentList' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:34	StringBuffer.append is called 2 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single String.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:39	The String literal "</Node>\n" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 39
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:49	Parameter 'treeObject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:50	Avoid variables with short names like sb
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:50	Local variable 'sb' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:50	StringBuffer constructor is initialized with size 16, but has at least 98 characters appended.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:55	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponentList
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:65	Avoid excessively long variable names like getCourseLearningComponentId
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjXML.java:72	StringBuffer.append is called 3 consecutive times with literal Strings. Use a single append with a single String.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObject.java:18	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObject.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponent
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObject.java:32	Parameter 'course' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObject.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseLearningComponent
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObject.java:41	Parameter 'courseLearningComponent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObject.java:49	Parameter 'map' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:21	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseTreeNodeService
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:21	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:24	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:24	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:24	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:25	Local variable 'courseId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:26	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:29	Local variable 'course' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:30	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:32	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:35	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:39	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:40	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:45	Avoid excessively long variable names like getCourseLearningComponentId
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:45	Local variable 'getCourseLearningComponentId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectGrapth.java:49	Local variable 'LearningContent' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:17	This class name ends with 'Test' but contains no test cases
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:20	Avoid excessively long variable names like courseTreeNodeService
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:20	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like treeNodeObjectService
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:26	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:26	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:27	Local variable 'courseId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:29	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:30	Local variable 'list' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:31	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:35	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:36	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/course/impl/TreeNodeObjectTest.java:38	System.out.print is used