
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/HomeController.java:14	Variables that are final and static should be in all caps.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/HomeController.java:21	Local variable 'modelAndView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/HomeController.java:31	Local variable 'modelAndView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:35	Variables that are final and static should be in all caps.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:38	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:41	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:42	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:45	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:46	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:49	Local variable 'username' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:50	Local variable 'password' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:54	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:54	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mv' (lines '54'-'115').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:54	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mv' (lines '54'-'125').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:54	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'mv' (lines '54'-'58').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:59	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:65	Local variable 'userAuthenticated' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:74	Local variable 'member' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:76	Local variable 'memberId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:84	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'roleType' (lines '84'-'90').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:84	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'roleType' (lines '84'-'96').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:127	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:140	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'userId'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:140	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LoginController.java:140	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LogoutController.java:28	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LogoutController.java:29	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LogoutController.java:32	Local variable 'session' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LogoutController.java:37	Local variable 'cookies' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LogoutController.java:40	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LogoutController.java:44	Local variable 'path' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LogoutController.java:68	Local variable 'modelAndView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LogoutController.java:74	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LogoutController.java:74	Parameter 'strCookieName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LogoutController.java:74	Parameter 'strPath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/LogoutController.java:77	Local variable 'cookie' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/MediaController.java:15	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/security/MediaController.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/security/UserMapper.java:21	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/security/UserMapper.java:23	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/security/UserSqlProvider.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.jdbc.SqlBuilder'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:32	Parameter 'servletRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:33	Parameter 'filterChain' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:33	Parameter 'servletResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:36	Local variable 'httpRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:37	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'httpResponse' (lines '37'-'88').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:37	Local variable 'httpResponse' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:39	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '39'-'88').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:39	Local variable 'url' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:41	Local variable 'sessionToken' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:43	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:44	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:45	Local variable 'httpSession' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:51	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:68	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:69	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:71	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:96	Parameter 'arg0' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:118	Parameter 'httpRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:122	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/filters/AuthenticationFilter.java:136	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/util/SecurityToken.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.Serializable'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/util/SecurityToken.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.io.Serializable'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/util/SecurityToken.java:10	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/util/SecurityToken.java:12	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/util/SecurityToken.java:14	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/util/SecurityToken.java:17	Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/util/SecurityToken.java:17	Parameter 'memberPersonaId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/util/SecurityToken.java:17	Parameter 'role' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/util/ThreadLocalUtil.java:3	All methods are static.  Consider using Singleton instead.  Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/security/util/ThreadLocalUtil.java:8	Parameter 'token' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/AuthenticationService.java:12	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/MediaService.java:7	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/MemberService.java:14	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/MemberService.java:16	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:24	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:28	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:31	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:34	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:37	Parameter 'pwd' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:37	Parameter 'userId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:39	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:40	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '40'-'57').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:40	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '40'-'75').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:41	Local variable 'contextSource' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:51	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:56	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:57	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ctx' (lines '57'-'75').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/AuthenticationServiceImpl.java:62	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MediaServiceImpl.java:13	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MediaServiceImpl.java:16	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MediaServiceImpl.java:19	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MediaServiceImpl.java:22	Avoid excessively long variable names like flashRecordingScript
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MediaServiceImpl.java:22	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MediaServiceImpl.java:25	Avoid excessively long variable names like flashRecordingFolder
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MediaServiceImpl.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MediaServiceImpl.java:30	Local variable 'media' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:24	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:29	Parameter 'userName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImpl.java:36	Parameter 'memberId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/session/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:16	Variables that are final and static should be in all caps.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/session/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:21	Parameter 'sessionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/session/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:27	Parameter 'sessionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/session/listener/SessionAttributeListener.java:34	Parameter 'sessionEvent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:14	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:14	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:17	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Ignore'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:17	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Ignore'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:38	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:39	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:46	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:46	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:46	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:53	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:53	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:53	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:60	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:67	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:75	Local variable 'member' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:77	Local variable 'memberPersonas' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:78	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '78'-'85').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:78	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '78'-'88').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:85	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '85'-'85').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:85	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '85'-'88').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:88	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '88'-'85').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:88	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '88'-'88').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:97	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:97	Use assertNull(x) instead of assertTrue(x==null), or assertNotNull(x) vs assertFalse(x==null)
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:102	Local variable 'member' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:104	Local variable 'memberPersonas' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:105	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '105'-'112').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:105	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '105'-'115').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:112	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '112'-'112').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:112	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '112'-'115').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:115	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '115'-'112').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:115	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'role' (lines '115'-'115').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:123	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/security/impl/MemberServiceImplTest.java:123	Use assertNull(x) instead of assertTrue(x==null), or assertNotNull(x) vs assertFalse(x==null)