
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/assignment/AssignmentException.java:18	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'args'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/assignment/AssignmentException.java:18	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'errorCode'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/assignment/AssignmentException.java:18	Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 't'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/assignment/AssignmentException.java:18	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/assignment/AssignmentException.java:18	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/assignment/AssignmentException.java:18	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/assignment/AssignmentException.java:18	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/model/assignment/Assignment.java:5	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/model/assignment/Assignment.java:8	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/model/assignment/Assignment.java:9	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatingMemberRoleId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/model/assignment/Assignment.java:17	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/model/assignment/Assignment.java:17	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/model/assignment/Assignment.java:23	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/model/assignment/Assignment.java:29	Parameter 'content' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/model/assignment/Assignment.java:35	Avoid excessively long variable names like learningComponentId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/model/assignment/Assignment.java:35	Parameter 'learningComponentId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/model/assignment/Assignment.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatingMemberRoleId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/model/assignment/Assignment.java:41	Parameter 'creatingMemberRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/AssignmentTestMapper.java:21	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/AssignmentTestMapper.java:92	The String literal "name" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 92
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/AssignmentTestMapper.java:94	The String literal "status" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 94
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/AssignmentTestMapper.java:139	The String literal "assignmenttestid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 139
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/AssignmentTestMapper.java:164	The String literal "testsubmissionid" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 164
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/AssignmentTestMapper.java:165	The String literal "submitteddate" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 165
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/TestQuestionMapper.java:20	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/TestQuestionMapper.java:59	The String literal "questionBankId" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 59
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/TestQuestionMapper.java:59	The String literal "questionbankid" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 59
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/VisualSpotMapper.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.assessment.VisualSpot'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/VisualSpotMapper.java:3	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.assessment.VisualSpot'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/VisualSpotMapper.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.Delete'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/VisualSpotMapper.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.Delete'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/VisualSpotMapper.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.Insert'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/VisualSpotMapper.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.Insert'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/VisualSpotMapper.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.ResultMap'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/VisualSpotMapper.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.ResultMap'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/VisualSpotMapper.java:7	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.Select'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/VisualSpotMapper.java:7	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.Select'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/engagement/EngagementMapper.java:26	The String literal "engagementid" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 26
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/engagement/EngagementMapper.java:27	The String literal "engagementcriteriaid" appears 5 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 27
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/engagement/EngagementMapper.java:41	Avoid excessively long variable names like engagementCriteriaId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assessment/engagement/EngagementMapper.java:82	Avoid excessively long variable names like engagementCriteriaId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assignment/AssignmentMapper.java:16	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/assignment/AssignmentMapper.java:18	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/AssignmentService.java:17	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/engagement/EngagementService.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like engagementCriteriaId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/engagement/impl/EngagementServiceImpl.java:19	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/engagement/impl/EngagementServiceImpl.java:19	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/engagement/impl/EngagementServiceImpl.java:19	Variables should start with a lowercase character
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/engagement/impl/EngagementServiceImpl.java:23	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/engagement/impl/EngagementServiceImpl.java:26	Parameter 'courseId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/engagement/impl/EngagementServiceImpl.java:27	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'engagementList' (lines '27'-'30').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/engagement/impl/EngagementServiceImpl.java:39	Parameter 'engagement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/engagement/impl/EngagementServiceImpl.java:45	Parameter 'criteria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/engagement/impl/EngagementServiceImpl.java:51	Parameter 'criteria' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/engagement/impl/EngagementServiceImpl.java:57	Parameter 'engagement' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/engagement/impl/EngagementServiceImpl.java:63	Avoid excessively long variable names like engagementCriteriaId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImpl.java:17	Avoid unused private fields such as 'logger'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImpl.java:17	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImpl.java:20	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImpl.java:21	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImpl.java:24	Parameter 'assignment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImpl.java:26	Local variable 'assignmentId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImpl.java:27	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImpl.java:28	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentTestServiceImpl.java:14	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentTestServiceImpl.java:14	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentTestServiceImpl.java:14	Variables should start with a lowercase character
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentTestServiceImpl.java:17	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentTestServiceImpl.java:18	Avoid excessively long variable names like assignmentTestMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentTestServiceImpl.java:18	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentTestServiceImpl.java:21	Parameter 'memberRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentTestServiceImpl.java:23	Local variable 'testSubmission' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentTestServiceImpl.java:30	Parameter 'testId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentTestServiceImpl.java:31	Local variable 'testProgress' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentTestServiceImpl.java:39	Parameter 'testSubmission' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/QuestionSearchCriteria.java:28	Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/QuestionSearchCriteria.java:40	Parameter 'area' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/QuestionSearchCriteria.java:52	Parameter 'subject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/QuestionSearchCriteria.java:64	Parameter 'topic' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/QuestionSearchCriteria.java:76	Parameter 'tags' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:40	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:41	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:47	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:47	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:47	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:54	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:54	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:54	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:62	Local variable 'memberId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:63	Local variable 'memberPersonaId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:64	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:73	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:85	Local variable 'assignment' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:90	Local variable 'createdAssignment' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/assignment/impl/AssignmentServiceImplTest.java:93	JUnit assertions should include a message