
src/main/java/com/ziksana/alert/exception/AlertException.java:16	Parameter 'error' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/alert/exception/AlertException.java:16	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/alert/exception/AlertException.java:20	Parameter 'errorCode' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/alert/exception/AlertNotFoundException.java:22	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/com/ziksana/alert/exception/AlertNotFoundException.java:22	Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/alert/AlertController.java:21	Variables that are final and static should be in all caps.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/alert/AlertController.java:25	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/alert/AlertController.java:34	Avoid variables with short names like mv
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/alert/AlertController.java:34	Local variable 'mv' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/alert/AlertController.java:48	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'alertSize' (lines '48'-'51').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/alert/AlertController.java:66	Parameter 'alertItemId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/alert/AlertController.java:67	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorResponse' (lines '67'-'71').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/alert/AlertController.java:71	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'errorResponse' (lines '71'-'74').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/alert/AlertController.java:87	Local variable 'modelAndView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/alert/AlertController.java:100	Local variable 'modelView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/alert/AlertMapper.java:17	Avoid excessively long variable names like memberNotificationId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/AlertsService.java:16	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/AlertsService.java:20	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/AlertsService.java:22	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/AlertsService.java:24	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:29	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:37	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'alertList' (lines '37'-'39').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:39	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'alertList' (lines '39'-'53').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:45	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:46	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:57	Parameter 'AlertItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:65	Parameter 'AlertItem' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:72	Parameter 'alertId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:76	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:78	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:92	Local variable 'memberRoleId' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:94	Local variable 'offset' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:95	Local variable 'limit' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:96	Local variable 'rowBounds' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:99	Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImpl.java:100	New exception is thrown in catch block, original stack trace may be lost
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:39	Variables that are final and static should be in all caps.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:43	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:49	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:49	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:49	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:56	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:56	A method/constructor shouldn't explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:56	Document empty method
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:64	Local variable 'memberId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:65	Local variable 'memberPersonaId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:67	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:87	Local variable 'alerts' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:99	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:102	Local variable 'alert' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:121	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/alert/impl/AlertServiceImplTest.java:137	JUnit 4 tests that execute tests should use the @Test annotation