
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:33	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:44	Local variable 'modelView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:62	Local variable 'modelView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:76	Parameter 'startDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:77	Parameter 'endDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:79	Local variable 'modelView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:95	Parameter 'questionId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:96	Local variable 'modelView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:110	Local variable 'modelView' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:128	Parameter 'pollId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:129	Parameter 'optionIndex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:136	Avoid excessively long variable names like pollQuestionResponse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/controller/polls/PollController.java:152	Avoid excessively long variable names like pollQuestionResult
src/main/java/com/ziksana/exception/polls/PollException.java:4	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollMapper.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollMapper.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollMapper.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.Param'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollMapper.java:5	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.Param'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionEntity.java:20	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionEntity.java:20	The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionEntity.java:20	Variables should start with a lowercase character
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionEntity.java:23	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatorMemberRoleId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionEntity.java:60	Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionEntity.java:60	Parameter 'ID' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionEntity.java:70	Avoid excessively long variable names like creatorMemberRoleId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionEntity.java:70	Parameter 'creatorMemberRoleId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionEntity.java:80	Parameter 'pollId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionEntity.java:90	Parameter 'questionType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionEntity.java:100	Parameter 'active' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionMapper.java:130	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:4	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.List'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.Insert'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.Insert'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:9	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.SelectProvider'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:9	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.annotations.SelectProvider'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:24	Avoid excessively long variable names like pollQuestionResponseId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:28	Avoid excessively long variable names like pollQuestionResponse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:28	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:31	Avoid excessively long variable names like answeringMemberRoleId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:31	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:34	Avoid excessively long variable names like answeringMemberRoleId
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:34	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollQuestionResponseMapper.java:36	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollSqlProvider.java:6	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.apache.ibatis.jdbc.SqlBuilder'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollSqlProvider.java:19	Parameter 'pollResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollSqlProvider.java:21	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollSqlProvider.java:25	Local variable 'answers' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/persistence/polls/PollSqlProvider.java:33	Local variable 'setString' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/PollService.java:25	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/PollService.java:28	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/PollService.java:30	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/PollService.java:32	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/PollService.java:34	Avoid modifiers which are implied by the context
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:18	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.exception.polls.PollException'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:18	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.exception.polls.PollException'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:19	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.member.Member'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:19	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.member.Member'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:20	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.member.MemberPersona'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:20	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.member.MemberPersona'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:28	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.persistence.polls.PollMapper'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:28	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.persistence.polls.PollMapper'
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:43	Avoid unused private fields such as 'logger'.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:43	The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:46	Avoid excessively long variable names like pollQuestionMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:46	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:48	Avoid excessively long variable names like pollQuestionResponseMapper
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:48	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:54	Avoid excessively long variable names like pollQuestionsNResults
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:54	Local variable 'pollQuestionsNResults' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:83	Local variable 'pollQuestions' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:88	Avoid excessively long variable names like pollQuestionResult
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:88	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:88	Local variable 'pollQuestionResult' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:93	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:93	Local variable 'pollQuestion' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:94	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:98	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:101	Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:101	Local variable 'options' could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:103	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:126	Avoid excessively long variable names like pollQuestionResponse
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:126	Parameter 'pollQuestionResponse' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:146	Parameter 'pollQuestion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:158	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:162	System.out.print is used
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:174	Avoid variables with short names like pr
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:185	Parameter 'options' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:186	Parameter 'pollQuestionEntity' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:194	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:197	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:200	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:203	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:208	Parameter 'index' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:250	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:252	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'formatStartDate' (lines '252'-'254').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:257	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:259	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'formatDate' (lines '259'-'261').
src/main/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImpl.java:264	Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:7	Avoid unused imports such as 'org.junit.Assert'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Calendar'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:10	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.Calendar'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:11	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.GregorianCalendar'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:11	Avoid unused imports such as 'java.util.GregorianCalendar'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:24	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.member.MemberPersona'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:24	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.member.MemberPersona'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:25	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.member.MemberRoleType'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:25	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.domain.member.MemberRoleType'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:33	Avoid unused imports such as 'com.ziksana.persistence.polls.PollQuestionMapper'
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:47	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:54	Local variable 'memberId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:55	Local variable 'memberPersonaId' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:57	Local variable 'token' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:72	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:73	Avoid unused local variables such as 'questionText'.
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:73	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'questionText' (lines '73'-'86').
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:73	Local variable 'questionText' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:75	Avoid excessively long variable names like pollQuestionNResults
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:75	Local variable 'pollQuestionNResults' could be declared final
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:80	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:90	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:107	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:112	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:113	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:114	System.out.print is used
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:120	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:133	JUnit tests should include assert() or fail()
src/test/java/com/ziksana/service/polls/impl/PollServiceImplTest.java:139	System.out.print is used